to be honest , as i sat through this movie mesmerized by just how incredibly awful it was , i actually forgot about the seemingly out of place opening until it popped up again later in the film . 
there are a couple of other idiotic subplots thrown in for good measure , but the fame is the one that pretty much sums up this thing . 
meyer casts a gorgeous playmate with a rack to kill for and who obviously has no acting talent at all , but her nude scenes are the biggest disappointment of all . 
and since that was a huge disappointment , i pretty much wasted two hours of my life on this turkey . 
unless of course you want to feel good about yourself by knowing that even a pulitzer prize winning film critic like roger ebert has screwed up at least once in his life too . 
well , the effects are good , though there's hardly a studio movie with bad special effects these days so i'm not sure whether that's so remarkable an accomplishment . 
i'm not even sure i can call what's here " performances , " though angela bassett sure is good at giving people the finger . 
this is an annoying and ineffective device . 
pin it on the screenplay , which attempts to clear up vital issues in three or four minutes , while spending the rest of the running time in an annoying flurry of phone conversations . 
the film also features an extremely annoying character by way of the " new-improved " miriam , voiced by the ever-antsy sandra bullock , even though the most irritating thing about her is her tendency to burst into song for no apparent reason ( here bullock is replaced by a singing voice ) . 
speaking of which , it contains * very * annoying music . 
it features extraordinary animation , which is one good thing i can say about this film . 
unlike its slippery cousin " anaconda , " " lake placid " wants to present its formulaic plot tongue-in-cheek , which is self-defeating . 
while director steve miner has several horror films on his resume ( including two installments of " friday the 13th " and " halloween h20 " ) , screenwriter david kelley ( best known as the creator of tv series like " ally mcbeal " and " chicago hope " ) doesn't seem to have the stomach for a chomp 'em up flick . 
platt and white , on the other hand , seem to be giving their best efforts , and they manage to squeeze a few chuckles out of this sorry script . 
the main problem with martin lawrence's pet project , a thin line between love and hate , like any fatal attraction variation where the protagonist is a man , is that his character is an irresponsible jerk , and if that is the case , it doesn't seem to do anything except justify the woman's actions . 
my philosophy is , if you are one of the few heterosexual males lucky enough to get your hands on a beautiful , kind girl , you should treat her like a princess and respect her . 
and by the period in the film he discovered that his newest target , beautiful , wealthy brandi web ( played nicely by whitfield ) who runs a successful real estate business , is out to kill him for dumping her for his childdhood friend mia ( king ) , i found myself thinking , " i'm supposed to feel sorry for this guy ? " 
lawrence can be good when he wants to , but in order to prove it , he needs to let other people write and direct his movies . 
at the time , her brother had been urged into an arranged marriage , despite his affection for another woman , and so jia-li's marriage seemed , in comparison , a good one : she chose we-lei of her own free will , they loved each other . 
i love fight scenes and i really dig jet li too , but this little ditty barely contained three memorable action sequences , and jet , well , the poor dude was barely in the movie . 
there were a couple of cool fight scenes with li , but simply not enough to satisfy my overall craving . 
also , as much as i love the way they incorporate wires and special effects in some of their stunts , a couple of the exaggerated fight scenes were simply too obvious a stunt . 
the one cool thing that was original in the movie was the way in which the director showed us some of the inside cracklings of the human body when penetrated by a blow , but that simple creative touch couldn't save the rest of this film's uninteresting plot movements . 
i'm disappointed for jet li that this film didn't give him the real opportunity to star in a good story with many great action scenes . 
now the original version has the virtue of cheesy special effects which give it a kind of nostalgic campy feel . 
the other thing that works against this new blob is that special effects technology has improved dramatically since the original . 
the only things you need now to have great special effects in a movie are deep pockets . 
the special effects in this movie are cheesy , like the original's . 
it also appears that the producers of the blob tried to compensate for the lack of a special effects budget by making the scenes in which the blob makes meals of the townsfolk as gory as possible . 
there she falls in love with customer hans reiter ( bekim fehmiu ) , disenchanted pilot of luftwaffe . 
the army comedy genre has never turned out a truly good movie ( if you don't count neil simon's biloxi blues ) . 
i'm sure it seems funny on paper to have candy pay over $400 to mud wrestle five beautiful women , but while watching it all that was coming out of my mouth was the admonition " dear god ! " 
please , please . . . for the love of god and all that is holy in the world of movie-making , and mostly out of respect for those who loved the original film , put this series to bed and end it ! 
the director also tries to do the best he can with the muddled material , but all he could come up with is plenty of slo-mo action , some fast-motion fight scenes and lots of smoke everywhere . 
the result ? 1997's worst sequel ( edging out speed 2 and batman and robin ) , home alone 3 . 
with a couple of exceptions , the movie misses all of its own best moments . 
the movie even looks cheesy , and not in a good way : i kept wondering if it had been transferred down from hi-def video or something , so grainy was the film stock in a good many scenes . 
in our modern world , where the cool rule , it's hard to imagine that shakespeare is becoming 'the man' . 
but before he can restore justice with his kung fu kicks , he falls in love with a mysterious beauty . 
of course we don't call it a deformation of a great masterpiece . 
and as long as love , hate , honesty and corruption do exist , everyone will understand and embrace shakespeare . 
the love story between han ( jet li ) and trish ( aalyah ) , and the mafia intrigues are undeveloped and simplified . 
jet li is one of the most amazing fighters to ever hit the silver screen and aalyah has a magical voice . 
to make a long story short : 'romeo must die' is not intelligent enough to be a thriller , not sensual enough to be a love story and too serious to be a fun action film . 
so again , the only good thing about it is its technical achievement . 
this film can boast of great sound , fast paced editing , solid cinematography and some very well coordinated action sequences . 
as in almost every summer movie , there are some interesting scenes , but most of the moments that i remember are associated with massive special effects . 
the agent working on the case , cater preston ( sidney poitier - yes , that sidney poitier ) , working with a russian agent , valentina koslova ( diane venora - lady capulet from " romeo + juliet " ) , gives up early on and meets with an ex-ira man , declan mulqueen ( richard gere , putting up some tight competition between himself and brad pitt for worst fake irish accent of '97 ) who's in a massachusetts jail , but who has apparently seen the jackal , who has been eluding the law forever . 
sure , the big assasination attempt is a bit cool looking and even slightly tense , but every other scene in the film is too short and too dull to register . 
the worst part is the little past they try to give declan , most notably his relationship with an old girlfriend , isabella ( mathilda may ) , given so little screen time that you almost forget her character exists until she pops up every now and then . 
he's one of the best living actors ! 
is there anything good here ? 
richard gere has a couple of good moments , making his character as likable as he possibly could have . 
and a couple sequences are kicky in that kind of proposterous , completely inane but fun kinda way , most notably : a sequence where he tests out a new gun on an annoying gun builder ( jack black ) ; and a bit where he seduces a gay washington man , which has its share of a couple good jokes , most particular a kiss by willis . 
maybe it's because they're both horror films ( kinda ) , both have hot young stars , both have an annoying alternative soundtrack , and both are aimed at the teenage crowd , which i guess includes me . 
this is basically a rehash of " the stepford wives , " the great 70s film i never saw starring katherine ross and dealing , as i've been told , with a bunch of women who are programmed to be perfect housewives . 
it actually , at least to me , sounds like it would work , and with scott rosenberg , that witty penmen who has written stuff like " beautiful girls " and " things to do in denver when you're dead " ( as well as " con air " ) , it actually sounds like it may be pulled off with the right amount of frights and satiric wit . 
in the film's best scene , he introduces steve to every single clique , nailing each one's fetishes and hang-ups , and it's the best scene in the movie because it's witty , satirical , and interesting - something the rest of this film isn't . 
like the show , he's good at setting up weird conspiracies , and creating a general creepy feel . 
but what this film is not so good at is coming out with a good payoff . 
if the best villain they can come up with is a guidance counselor ( played by bruce greenwood , an atom egoyan regular obviously just trying to pay the rent ) who still thinks he can get away with it even when most is revealed , then they need to come up with a tougher , smarter villain . 
the happy couple " psychoanalyze " each other ; they pick out a song because , as prinze's dj mother ( lucie arnez ) explains , every couple needs a song ; he smells her shampoo ; she scratches his chest in the morning to let him know she wants to make love . 
stiles' best friend ( rosario dawson ) is a pot head , prinze's roommate ( shawn hatosy ) is a girl crazy fool who can't meet women , and then there are the porn stars ( zak orth and selma blair ) . 
i'd seen con air , which despite being completely implausible , was still great fun , because it tried however feebly to put some new life into the mix . 
all the great stereotypes get pulled , including my personal favorite of the key witness that makes bail and is murdered soon thereafter . 
post-chasing amy , a slew of love-triangle movies : this month we have kissing a fool , co-starring amy's own lee , and april brings us the object of my affection , which may as well be titled chasing allan , for it is the story of a woman who falls in love with her gay roommate . 
schwimmer stars as womanizing chicago sportscaster max , who falls in love with his best friend jay ( lee ) 's book editor samantha ( avital ) a mere twenty-four hours after meeting her . 
the trouble is , jay might be secretly in love with her . 
to stretch this flat , sitcom premise to feature length , the plot is framed by a climactic wedding , at which bonnie hunt recounts the triangular tale--the events leading up to the nuptials--to an annoying fat man and his silly girlfriend . 
hunt has the best comic timing of anyone in the film ; schwimmer can spin bad dialogue into mildly humorous dialogue ; and lee , poor lee , is miscast . 
she also too closely resembles the stunningly beautiful kari wuhrer , who plays schwimmer's assistant and personal temptress , turning that particular subplot into an unintentional riff on vertigo . 
there are a handful , a smattering , of good scenes in kissing a fool . 
although some of the disorientation eventually is understandable , a great deal of it isn't . 
the movie was supposedly held up by effects work , but there's nothing special on the screen . 
here , she plays marvin's sunny love interest . 
the general's daughter is the worst kind of hollywood film -- it pretends to have a soul , to be of strict moral code , when in fact it has nothing more than a group of cardboard cut-outs force-feeding the audience a toxic landfill of plot contrivances and one-sided moral judgments . 
de palma , whose last great film , the untouchables , was crafted over a decade ago seems to have lost his magic . 
in snake eyes , he manages to elicit some of the worst performances possible out of a skilled cast . 
at best , it is a 1940s-style b movie . 
just when i thought christina ricci was getting to be a good actress , she winds up doing this . 
this is the biggest disappointment of the year , especially when such a talented director like burton handles a project like this . 
mitch weaver ( norm macdonald ) and his lifelong best friend sam mckenna ( artie lange ) are losers in life : they were constantly picked on in school , and now they cannot hold regular jobs . 
but as the trailer goes , " there is one thing mitch weaver is good at--revenge . " 
and for a film rated pg-13 , director bob saget ( yes , that bob saget , of _full_house_ and _america's_funniest_home_videos_ fame ) and writers frank sebastiano , fred wolf , and macdonald himself , stretch the boundaries of good taste rather far--arguably a bit too much so ( was not one , but two separate instances of sodomy between animals really necessary ? ) . 
all the necessary conflicts seem to be in place -- the internal struggle of olmstead over the clash between good politics and good police work , and the external struggle as one of the two travelers eventually becomes villain to the other's protagonist . 
it wouldn't be fair to reduce everything that's wrong with switchback to quaid's presence , but it's a pretty good place to start . 
maybe next time he'll throw away that one crucial page in the script , the one where the grimly determined fbi agent wanders onto the scene to muck up a perfectly good story . 
the 13th warrior reeks so badly of melodrama and poor acting that it carries a worst scent than a canine's least appetizing residue . 
the best part of the film would be a close contest between the closing credits and a brief moment in the middle where the screen goes entirely white and you hope that the film has slipped and caught ablaze in the projector . 
my vote goes for the ending credits , where you can start trying to put the awful experience behind you . 
the film , based on michael crichton's best selling novel , eaters of the dead was shot under that name some three years ago , and after numerous rewrites not only does the dialogue seem completely phony , but the plot is incredibly difficult to follow . 
upon her return , theresa shares it with her best friend lina ( illeana douglas ) , her boss charlie ( robbie coltrane ) , and the entire city of chicago ( the newspaper publishes an article about it ) . 
of course she doesn't tell him that she found his letter , she wants to but the rules of this type of film require him to find out later ( preferably right after they first make love ) . 
caleb deschanel's camera makes everything look a little too beautiful . 
message in a bottle is easily the worst of the several romantic offerings available in theaters at the moment and vies with what dreams may come ( 1998 ) as one of the most misguided romances of the decade . 
it's a good thing most animated sci-fi movies come from japan , because " titan a . e . " is proof that hollywood doesn't have a clue how to do it . 
the story takes the main characters all over the galaxy in their search for a legendary ship that the evil " dredge " aliens want to destroy for no apparent reason . 
despite the fantastic animation and special effects , it's just not an interesting movie . 
so , we get the drunk guys , hugging and singing together at the local bar , to prove to us that they really love each other . 
we also get a handful of good actors in small roles that seem to lack purpose . 
not a good choice . 
the acting is sub-par , which i could endure if it were not for a . ) the director's style , b . ) the special effects , & c . ) the treatment of the story and characters . 
but by far his worst move was the way he treated jumping . 
b . ) unlike the first one , whose sfx were vibrant and somewhat realistic , mk : a's special effects are bland , fake looking , and overall just plain bad . 
this could have been a really cool movie . 
a good 75% of the characters are introduced , kick somebody around a bit , then either die or are forgotten about . 
it's not the whole oral-sex/prostitution thing ( referring to grant , not me ) that bugs me , it's the fact that grant is annoying . 
grant ( flutters eyelashes , offers a nervous smile , then responds in his annoying english accent and i-think-i-actually-have- talent attitude ) : could you possibly elaborate on that ? 
this paves the way for every possible pregnancy/child birth gag in the book , especially since grant's equally annoying friend's wife is also pregnant . 
the annoying friend is played by tom arnold , who provides most of the cacophonous slapstick , none of which is funny , such as a scene where arnold beats up a costumed " arnie the dinosaur " ( you draw your own parallels on that one ) in a toy store . 
too bad that ilm ( industrial light and magic ) couldn't spare some special effects for dragonheart's * human * co-stars . 
the fringe flourishes include pete postlethwaite as a wandering monk with literary ambitions , julie christie ( ! ) as the good queen mother , a band of mercenaries that appear dressed for ye olde heavy-metal concert , and , believe or it not , the speaking spirit of king arthur . 
the last five minutes of this movie are the worst , with some silly celestial nonsense that would be laughed out of any planetarium light show , much less a summer movie . 
along the same lines , it doesn't help that creature designer ( and producer ) kevin yagher has done his best work for the tongue-in-cheek tales from the crypt tv series . 
the performances are also awful . 
you know the type , haunted by his job , yet so good at what he does that even physically assaulting another agent merely gets him a slap on the wrist . 
as often happens with writers who are working below what they are actually capable of , most of the really good lines are throwaways , while the big , painstaking gags mostly fall flat . 
the film often makes no sense ( a several-hundred foot tall beast hides in subway tunnels ) , sports second-rate effects ( the baby godzillas seem to be one computer effect multiplied on the screen ) , lame jokes ( mayor ebert and his assistant gene are never funny ) , horrendous acting ( even matthew broderick is dull ) and an unbelievable love story ( why would anyone want to get back together with maria pitillo's character ? ) . 
there are other elements of the film that fall flat , but going on would just be a waste of good words . 
when you consider their respective roles , will smith and kevil kline do as good as they could have possibly done . 
the leads could've been played samuel l . jackson and robert de niro and the film still would've been awful . 
sound good . 
if " wild wild west " didn't look so good , it would be almost insufferable . 
i have a great idea for a movie , one that can't miss . 
i figure it will be a comedy , so i'll throw a half-dozen writers at it and take the best of whatever they come up with . 
please raise your hand if that comes as a shock , and i will invite you to my all-night marathon of the bad news bears , major league , angels in the outfield , the mighty ducks , the big green , cool runnings and little giants . 
awful teams in sports comedies make miraculous turnarounds ; it's what they do . 
eddie isn't just a bad movie with a formulaic premise . 
general crook ( gene hackman ) , commander of u . s . army forces , respects geronimo and knows that even his 5 , 000 force isn't enough to catch geronimo in the great spaces of the american southwest . 
even hill's directing is bellow expectations - battle scenes are too short and , like in many of his late films , force viewers to ask what had happened to the great action director of 1970s . 
so several of the star trek members travel down to the planet of the ba'ku , where picard meets up and starts to fall in love with one of the inhabitants , a sultry , kind alien woman ( donna murphy ) , who is over six-hundred-years-old , but looks to only be in her thirties . 
another element of , " star trek , " films in general is that picard seems to always have to have a love interest , but then she always miraculously disappears when the next film is made two or three years later . 
although donna murphy , who falls victim to this thankless love interest role here , is actually one of the few characters that we get to know in the 103-minute running time , alfre woodard was far superior in , " first contact . " 
 " star trek : insurrection , " is perhaps the weakest film in the " star trek , " series , although i have not seen what is widely considered the worst , " star trek v : the final frontier . " 
 " insurrection , " is the type of " safe " sequel that will bewilder non-fans , since it is so low-tech compared to most of today's blockbuster action films ( although most of these are honestly not very good , either ) , and should disappoint the loyal trekkies , since it could have easily been better if the makers had realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts . 
let me begin by saying that this is easily the worst movie in the entire official ( and even unofficial ) james bond series . 
the only good thing that came out of this movie was that the producers had to make the next film in the series ( the infinitely superior " the spy who loved me " ) a great film in order for the bond franchise to survive . 
it only tastes good after arduous peeling and digging - if you try to eat the fruit , spikes and all , it's going to hurt ? quite a bit . 
the remaining four fishermen are all cardboard stereotypes ( hawkes says to a female stranger in one scene " you know what would look good on you ? 
the perfect storm was unfortunately a disappointment . 
they fall in love and eventually marry . 
sounds pretty good , doesn't it . 
although it did come off as dull , the beautiful cinematography is eye-catching , as was madonna's performance . 
the best i could come up with is pre-teen age boys , but in this media saturated era , this film's components would have been old hat even for them . 
i have to think what attracted such talent to this film was the lure of making a good , modern day b-movie . 
directed without any imagination by steve boyum , whose long background in film is mainly in stunts and in second unit direction , the film limps along at best . 
and then there is the script by james herzfeld , whose only other film , tapeheads from a decade ago , was so awful that it is considered a cult classic . 
this isn't his worst acting , but meet the deedles is arguably the worst movie he's ever been in . 
 " how could this possibly be worst , " asks phil . 
 " love to kill " starts off aimlessly and gets progressively less coherent as time passes . 
michael madsen is also good as an associate of danza's who spends half the movie buddying up to him and the other half trying to kill him . 
 " love to kill " should be praised for trying to do something different with the well worn crime genre , but it's just too bad that the story doesn't really add up to much . 
from a major league baseball radio broadcast , featuring play-by- play man harry canary and color man whitey hashbrown , with special guest commentator james berardinelli . 
but i'd gladly trade a technically accurate film for one with a good story , believable characters , or even a little genuine humor . 
if you're looking for a good movie that involves baseball , try popping the natural , field of dreams , bull durham , or even the first major league into the vcr . 
he may be good at deflecting bad baseball movies , but he needs to learn not to duck into foul balls . 
in the best of all possible worlds , they accomplish both . 
miraculously , what comes out is beautiful . 
a group of onlookers gathers to watch this stunning prodigy make such amazing music at such a young age . 
but is it any good ? 
a fairly good idea , however it's let down by one slight problem . 
while young people were challenging traditional values on the streets , frustrated teenagers like me were stuck at home , sulking while our parents enjoyed the latest bob hope special . 
on another channel , dean martin made wisecracks about " booze and broads " and peter lawford , decked out in love beads and a nehru jacket , purred suggestive one-liners as he ogled the go-go dancers . 
 " heartbreakers " reeks of that stagnant mentality , from its lingering shots of jennifer love hewitt's vah-vah-voom breasts to its leaden screenplay , which paints women as haughty schemers and men as drooling buffoons too sex-obsessed to realize they are being manipulated . 
sigourney weaver and jennifer love hewitt throw themselves into their parts , but have nowhere to go with the metallic characters . 
bear in mind , though , that this is merely the worst segment of a movie made up of nothing but low points . 
it's amazing that he is able to remember any of the processes he uses to make anything . 
as for innovations and new ideas there is but two good ones in this movie . 
giving life to the flubber , which is so poorly executed that it's best forgotten , and prof . brainard's flying robot weebo . 
the life of the flubber had brief and rather whimsical moments where it might have been used well , but it wasn't and in the end might have done the movie more harm than good . 
flubber , as a movie does little original and is nothing special in any respect . 
with the best character in the movie being something of a prop i doubt that many people will find it all that great . 
it does have its amusing moments and it is a good story in the end , but it does not wash up to the original . 
as a movie it's just a kids movie and not the best of ones at that . 
the original babe gets my vote as the best family film since the princess bride , and it's sequel has been getting rave reviews from most internet critics , both siskel and ebert sighting it more than a month ago as one of the year's finest films . 
a tad bewildered , but pleased to not have to worry about screaming kids and other disruptions that commonly go along with family films , i sat back for 97 minutes and watched intently and with a very open mind , having great expectations for the film . 
the only solution that his wife ( magda szubanski , going from delightfully charming to downright annoying ) can come up with is to make an appearance with their new celebrity pet at a national fair ( i think ) and to use the money they earn to pay off the bank ( set aside for the moment the fact that they could get more than enough cash from donations if they just made their case known to the public ) . 
setting the main plot in motion , mrs . hogget and babe travel to the unnamed city and shack up with a sweet lady who just happens to love to help animals , despite the law that you cannot keep them in hotels . 
he hounds and harries and humiliates his " best friend " marty ( played by brad renfro ) and marty's girlfriend lisa ( rachel miner ) doesn't care for it at all and comes up with the idea of killing bobby . 
i love movies . 
every time i watch great movies like goodfellas ( 1990 ) or raiders of the lost ark ( 1981 ) , a tear comes to my eye due to the awesome talent , skill and entertainment that is on display . 
many bad films have good intentions , but my favourite martian doesn't appear to try to provide any entertainment . 
filled to the brim with wham bang special effects , my favourite martian offers little more than some nice eye candy . 
it's a nice special effect , though . 
there's one good gag right before the credits , but it appears the guy who wrote that gag tragically died and his unfunny twin continued . 
any remake of an alfred hitchcock film is at best an uncertain project , as a perfect murder illustrates . 
the best thrillers keep viewers involved enough in what's going on so that these flaws in logic don't become apparent until long after the final credits have rolled . 
instead of yelling or threatening , steven offers david a proposal that's too good to resist : for $500 , 000 in cash ( $100 , 000 before , the rest after ) , he is to break into steven's new york apartment and kill emily . 
 ( it's possible to make a good movie with detestable characters -- see reservoir dogs -- but there has to be something compelling about them , which , in this case , there isn't . ) 
gwyneth paltrow , who was recently delightful and appealing in sliding doors , is simply awful here . 
she now has the dubious distinction of have starred in two of 1998's worst thrillers ( the other being hush ) . 
the thin supporting cast includes david suchet , the star of " poirot , " as a police inspector , and sarita choudhury ( kama sutra ) as emily's best friend . 
he's changing the cinema as we know it--and for the worst . 
when it's not trying to be funny , it's trying to be melodramatic--but it's just annoying , stupid and sappy . 
at best . 
this movie is intended to make people laugh , yes , not to be voted best picture of all time by sight and sound . 
drew barrymore is a copy editor at the chicago sun times who gets her big break as a reporter , only it's very clear from the onset that she lacks the toughness and the pushy extravertedness that marks the best of reporters . 
at least she befriends nerdy aldys ( joan of arc's leelee sobieski--watch for her ) , who turns out to be more beautiful than those who are " supposed " to be more beautiful than her . 
like a good action film should , " metro " has action that keeps you involved . 
but " metro " is one of the best action films in a while . 
eddie murphy is at his best in the roles of responsible , and controlled people . 
 " metro " takes different twists and slight turns , and there is one great , virtuoso chase scene , involving the a cable car . 
and it is done so good in this film , i was reminded of " speed , " and the speeding bus that couldn t go under fifty mile per hour for very significant reasons . 
there are also some other good scenes in " metro " that a lot of films would rather choose not to have . 
the villain in " metro " is no more than a device , but he is a darn good villain nonetheless . 
and , in addition , wincott s physical appearance and mannerisms , in the film , actually reminded my of an arrogant friend i use to have , who is no longer on my good list . 
his past roles were the great ones but they were also a precursor to the maturing that would later take place , possibly from murphy s growing as a person , now having a family . 
also making an appearance is harry shearer ( probably best know for doing voices in the simpsons ) as a slimy news reporter . 
but what about the special effects ? 
thankfully , they're are quite good . 
the qualities that make it captivating when seen in person are effaced in the motion picture medium . 
tectonic plates opens by introducing us to madeleine ( marie gignac ) , an art student studying in montreal who has fallen in love with her professor , jacques ( lapage ) . 
one day , he disappears , and , fearing that he left because she was undeserving of his love , madeleine travels to venice to kill herself . 
 " varsity blues " is the best film of 1999 thus far . 
by the end , will the underdog overcome great odds and triumph ? 
throughout , all i could really think of is how virtually the same exact story had been filmed with a great deal more thoughtfulness and maturity in 1983's " all the right moves . " 
sexual tension between beautiful female patron and shy motel clerk is heightened with the presence of alcoholic husband . 
 ( special note to the profiler fans : ally walker appears in the beginning of the film in the small role of killer's girlfriend . ) 
among others , the movie features : ben affleck , casey affleck , david chappelle , janeane garofalo , gaby hoffmann , catherine kellner , courtney love , jay mohr , martha plimpton , christina ricci and paul rudd . 
monica's apartment is in " noho , " an area that one of the guests describes as " so cool , all of the poor people live there . " 
typical of the shallow couples in the movie are kevin ( paul rudd ) and his friend and would-be sexual partner lucy ( courtney love ) . 
every woman he beds falls deeply in love with him by the next morning . 
the movie itself is so forgettable that by the time you reach your car in the parking lot , all trace of the film will have vanished from your mind , which is probably the best thing that can be said about the movie . 
bill's youngest daughter susan ( claire forlani ) falls in love with the mysterious stranger and joe falls in love with her . 
when joe starts enjoying peanut butter and later falls in love , the experience is somewhat different . 
hopkins looks great in any role , and no matter how shallow or hollow it is , he will complete it . 
all the flaws of the actual story are only helped along by the special effects . 
regardless , the special effects in this movie in many cases take away from the film rather than add to it . 
this movie would be best left for video and even then you might be advised to simply wait for one of the major networks to air it on tv . 
the story is beyond routine , the script is embarrassing ( at one point , this jumbo jet is flying completely upside down ) , the characters are worthless , and the performances are annoying . 
nonetheless , someone out there thought she'd make a good lawyer , but we're reminded of her true function in the movie when she takes two showers in a period of twenty minutes . 
one more thing fair game has against it is some awful comic relief . 
the acting in particular i found very good , the character development was also quite interesting but alas the story simply did not hold my interest enough for me to get into the movie . 
as far as the acting and casting for this movie is concerned i have to say that the choices of nick nolte and jeff bridges were great as well as that of catherine keener . 
all in all i found this movie boring and very slow , the acting was good but the story just didn't evolve enough and wasn't captivating enough to make simpatico an enjoyable movie to watch . 
although there is much going for the movie i didn't find it good even though i see the merits and style used and can compliment the movie on them . 
`the bachelor' is one of the best terrible movies you will ever see . 
there are scenes in " the big hit " that are so awful , they simply defy description . 
his constant bending over backwards to please people makes him a complete patsy at best , and a thoroughly unbelievable character at worst . 
what he comes out with is just a lot of annoying blather , most of which spews from the lips of lou diamond phillips ( whose favorite phrase is " it's all love " ) and robin dunne , who plays cisco's stuttering , black-wannabe assistant . 
unfortunately , though , that " psycho " didn't end the world as we know is the best thing that can be said for it . 
without benefit of an actual viewing , many have said that the film will , at best , suck . 
being an ( almost ) good critic , i waited until i actually saw it to decide that the film , at best , sucked ( and that concludes the use of the word " suck " and , hopefully , the thoughts that i am a brain-dead orangutan . ) 
anne heche , in the janet leigh role , does a few good things in her brief time on screen . 
the best work , though , comes from vince vaughn , as the demented mama's boy , norman bates . 
the best part of the film is the dinner scene heche and vaughn , where they simply talk . 
at least danny elfman had the good sense to not mess with bernard herrmann's original famous and terrific score . 
nothing about varsity blues is inspired and the whole film simply moves through the sort of conventional motions that coach kilmer would love . 
the other adults are all notably awful while the younger performers don't fare much better . 
director brian robbins previously helmed the kids feature good burger ( from nickelodeon films , a sister company of mtv ) and changes directions here a bit but still fails to make much of an impression . 
in what was probably intended for the television pilot the film opens with a great vibrancy showing dancing 60s style under the credits . 
even the best comic actor is at the mercy of his or her material , as this subpar submarine comedy proves . 
like any lame emsemble comedy , the officer assigns him to a group of misfits like the guy who wants to be kicked out , the fat guy who eats all the time , the beautiful woman who doesn't belong there ( lauren holly ) , the second-in-command who does everything by the book ( rob schneider ) , the crazy old guy who freaks everyone out ( harry dean stanton ) and so on . 
kelsey grammer is good in this , he just doesn't have anything to work with . 
as for schneider ( whose character is downright annoying ) , there was nowhere to go but up after surf ninjas , although he's still in the depths of the comedy ocean after jumping the " snl " ship . 
daniel baldwin ( i can't believe i'm about to type this ) gives the best performance in the film , outshining the other talented members of the cast . 
that about sums up the dreadful ugliness of 102 dalmatians , a cold pea soup of cute animals , stupid home alone antics , a boring puppy love subplot between dumb humans , and glenn close reprising her best joan crawford impression . 
indeed , walt disney is rolling over in his grave again , cursing john hughes' name for making the original live-action 101 dalmatians , one of the worst kiddie flicks of all time , and now its sequel . 
and that was the reason they found such an enviable cult following ; in spite of bad special effects , horrible dubbing , and a man in a lizard suit , they maintained a certain degree of . . . how to put this ? . . . 
>from the 'geniuses' that brought us " independece day " , arguably the worst sci-fi movie of all time , to ruin whatever reputation godzilla had . 
while they do bring us eye-popping special effects that will amaze you , they lost what was at the center of all the original godzilla movies -- a storyline . 
we spent all of this money making big special effects , and we've gotta get this movie out by summer or it's going to bomb in our faces . 
good . 
the special effects are enough to keep you interested through one viewing , and some of the cinemtography is well-done ( the scene with the black umbrellas comes to mind ) . 
however , in order to fully explain exactly how and why this movie is so awful , a minute dissection of the ending is necessary . 
cut to the " next fall " , as we find the good doctor quietly observing his latest case , a trouble young man named cole ( haley joel osment , one of the only child actors in a while i didn't want to bludgeoned over the head with a blunt instrument ) . 
ironically , to fully appreciate the best scene ( that of cole and malcolm attending a little girl's funeral ) , the viewer is required to be aware of a very rare psychological disorder called munchausen syndrome by proxy . 
despite being blessed with some really amazing cinematography and a brauva performance from osment ( where was this kid when casting calls were going out for the phantom menace ? ) , in the end , the sixth sense is too chalk-full of contradictions and just isn't plausible enough to warrant even a slight recommendation . 
it's a dissatisfying spectacle , a very weak sister of a very good movie . 
abraham wished to follow his master into this new realm , so he was asked to show his devotion to the evil wizard by murdering his one true love . 
as alison quests to find abraham and show him the errors of his ways , the six new hapless humans are allowed to live out their worst nightmares and then be brutally murdered . 
films like eraserhead and begotten are two of the worst examples of this , and now ice from the sun can be added to this list . 
why would you want to give responsibilities to a bunch of " rednecks " when you yourself had all of these cool powers ? 
it has been presented in in full-frame only and the transfer ( for a film shot a good deal in 8mm ) is pretty decent . 
the film works best as a visually challenging piece , as each shot looks like a photograph carefully telling the story unfolding . 
mayhem then ensues as the bad and the good guys chase each other with mr . magoo frequently oblivious to the fact that anyone is being chased . 
my son jeffrey , age 8 , said he thought the movie was good and really funny , but recommends you not choose it if you want an action movie . 
his friend maxim , age 9 , said that he thought it was good but very silly and parts did not make sense . 
it is upon the films execution where the diminutive plot twists and developments fail to impress or innovate - the evidence that goes missing , the high powered officials shielding the truth and intolerable love angles have all been done so many times before . 
with the world's worst dialogue , cheesiest premise and stupidest editor , this one should be heaven for those who enjoy films humorous in their inanity . 
i love alfred hitchcock's the birds , almost as much as i love the short story on which it is based . 
still , i suppose that if you're looking for a movie that is " so bad it's good , " you could do worse than bats . 
it was with a huge lack of something to do that i decided to watch this on good old upn on sunday afternoon , when the only good things on tv are the second-rate movies they show ( some are good : they showed " total recall " before this one ) . 
and i hate how he's so narcissistic that he thinks that he can actually fucking sing ( during the end credits , he has a good old hill billy rock tune sung and penned by him ) . 
at one point , he actually comes to their house and stalks them like a non-threatening nicholson in " the shining " ( complete with them all hiding in the bathroom , but with an added bonus of one girl conveniently loosing her cool and screaming to give them away ) . 
i know this guy can act : he was awesome in " raising arizona " as goodman's partner in crime . 
but he's just awful here . 
why is he the only one who gives a good performance ? 
he seems to be in here just to give it a cool " law and order " feeling ( even if it's not a " cool " feeling ) . 
i know that there's such a good thing as good action - he's called john woo . 
but if you're in the mood for some good old no-brainer , fun-yet-dumb action , don't bother watching this . 
sylvester stallone has made some crap films in his lifetime , but this has got to be one of the worst . 
and for action buffs , the action scenes are pretty lame , with some really unrealistic-looking special effects ( a penthouse being blown off of a hotel looks like a piece of cardboard falling into a tub ) . 
stone's small but perky breasts , which we've seen more times than harvey keitel's dick , or stallone's veiny ass , which isn't usually shown for a very good reason ? 
the worst flaw of the film is this : it's boring . 
but a good movie does not james woods going nuts make . 
after 1993's " falling down , " i hoped that joel schumacher would mature into a great director . 
they are small pokemon with a powerful punch and have great psychic abilities . 
the unown bring together their psychic abilities and create entei a powerful legendary pokemon who barriers young molly's house and creates every wish she wants . 
now it's up to ash and his friends to stop this pokemon entei and show him to be a good pokemon rather than a bad one . 
it has some good qualities ( animation , message in the end ) but the flaws seem to overpower the goods . 
my little brother just thought the movie was amazing , and i kept leaning over and asking him happened , or what pokemon that was . 
even though the locals try to help the bankrupt widow out as best they can , the creditors swoop down on her like vultures . 
for grace , this is a way to save her house and get her out of debt ; for the scotsman , matthew , it offers a chance for him to continue to live in this beautiful village and earn enough money to marry his fisherman girlfriend nicky ( valerie ) . 
the film moves into the formula mode , whereas grace beats the odds against her failing to survive , as she meets an international drug dealer , a frenchman ( tcheky karyo ) , who is first seen threatening to cut off her fingers but later becomes her business partner and husband as she becomes a millionaire and writes a best selling fiction book about her experiences , thereby becoming a celebrity . 
there are a lot of silly giggles that come forth and the film has just enough of an acting performance by brenda blethyn to breathe air into it before it comes to its belated finale , as it drones on with its transparently gratuitous upbeat tone , until it makes the audience feel good that the sweet old lady succeeded . 
just looking at them gives me such great sadness . " 
now , i personally remember those films as a ) starring a major motion picture star b ) being funny c ) having great action sequences d ) great chemistry e ) decent character development . 
when the device suddenly falls into their reluctant laps , they must keep it cool on ice , and rush it over to an army base , before the contraption ticks over 50 degrees fahrenheit , and kills millions of people . 
one cool scene with a boat careening down a mountainside , and another with a nuclear device obliterating everything on an island , do not a fun , buddy-action flick make . 
little known facts about this film and its stars : this is not a little known fact or anything , but damn , is it just me or does skeet ulrich look an awful lot like great-looking actor johnny depp ? 
best performance comes from william s . taylor as a cheesy ( yet still somehow cool and confident ) wayne newton drifter type . 
looks and sounds an awful lot like the x-files's " black cancer " to me . 
the visual effects were by far the best thing about species , and the sequel's effects crew at steve johnson's xfx inc . keeps that high-quality tradition alive ; no cheap-looking lost in space cgi here . 
after the effects , the original's best asset was the fresh presence of henstridge . 
williamson suffers the worst indignity . 
he tries his best to enliven the token african-american role , but how can anyone recite insulting , derivative lines such as " i'm gonna get african on someone's ass " and not appear ridiculous ? 
but species ii's worst crime is being a thoroughly uninteresting piece of work . 
at least the original featured plenty to laugh at--unaccountably awful performances by the otherwise fine actors ben kingsley and whitaker , and the sight of helgenberger's character performing fellatio on madsen's , for a start . 
good truck driver jack crews ( swayze ) must drive a cargo of illegal firearms from atlanta to new jersey . 
while far from the best of actors , he is certainly not horrible , and he is a charismatic presence . 
funny how your expectations can be defeated , and not in good ways . 
douglas does a good job of portraying a relatively cracked fellow , but it's nothing he hasn't done before . 
a silly film that tries to be a black comedy but plays more like lightweight comedy , with its main asset being a beautiful film location along spain's mountainous coastline . 
after a surprise birthday party for him , where his wife bawls him out for coming late to his surprise party , he confides to his best friend that he can't stand it anymore , and then tells him his plan to kill her while vacationing in the same barcelona hotel where they spent their honeymoon . 
but elizabeth found his behavior odd during the entire trip , and when after a great deal of effort to get a reservation at the hotel's 5 star restaurant he insists on eating in the room , she decides she had enough of him and checks out without telling him . 
first impressions : critically , a close-to-awful film , but money-wise , it has been doing ( and will continue to do ) great . 
the ridiculous plot begins when an alien " bug " , played weirdly by vincent d'onofrio , who was so great in full metal jacket , lands on earth to retrieve a galaxy that's somewhere on " orion's belt . " 
i love original plots . 
the story is confusing , and filled with many subplots , so i'll try my best and explain it as simply as possible . 
anyway , most of these talented hollywood stars were completely wasted , except for emily watson , who does another great job , and one of my personal favorite actors john cusack , who always delivers through thick and thin . 
a movie laced with a good blend of action , comedy , and a heavy dose of musical celebrity guest appearances sounds pretty gourmet , but even the best ingredients can be thrown together in the wrong way , creating a dismal and unsatisfactory product . 
blues brothers 2000 is deserving of one whole star simply because if you really , really love this kind of music , you might kind of , sort of like this movie . 
the concept of enjoying a stupid comedy is best realized as keeping it stupid , really . 
the story seems good enough : a pro bowler in the 1970's by the name of roy munson ( woody harrelson ) is sitting on top of the world . 
this leads to some of the best comic scenes in the film , such as roy's process of removing horseshoes or milking the cow . 
finally , the duo get on the road and , along the way , pick up an additional helper- a beautiful hustler ( played by the gorgeous vanessa angel ) . 
and with good reason . 
at least it all looks good . 
in particular , the gleaming production design by stuart craig commands attention , adeptly drawing elements both old and new in order to depict this great britain . 
a crushing disappointment , the film is one of the worst outings of the year -- too drearily awful to be savoured as gleefully bad , too polished to overlook its deficiencies . 
it's quite nice to see what good sports the girls are ( and not just the one dubbed sporty ) about poking fun at themselves . 
they don't take themselves too seriously , and that's probably the best thing about them . 
all provide relatively good performances , keeping in mind once again that this film wasn't meant to be acted seriously . 
spiceworld is a movie i thought would be embarrassing to enjoy , but now instead , i find myself wanting to defend a movie i didn't even give a good review . 
i love superman iii . 
best moment though comes when supergirl decides to put a bra on over her school uniform and starts stuffing it with socks . 
hart bochner ( die hard ) is particularly fun as kara's love interest , a lovesick landscaper who is under a spell cast by selena ( although he is unfortunately part of one of the film's more ridiculous moments , when he has to be rescued from being tapped by some " menacing " bumper cars ) . 
faye dunaway and peter o'toole ham it up unmercifully , however when o'toole overacts he's entertaining and when dunaway does it she's annoying ( her character actually says the line " seize them ! " 
dunaway's henchmen ( played by peter cook and brenda vaccaro ) fare much better , with vaccaro coming off best as the equivalent of ned beatty's otis character from the first two superman movies . 
believability aside though , it's still annoying . 
now despite all this negativity ( and i'm not alone here . . . supergirl is not a well liked nor a well respected movie in many circles ) , leave it to the good people at anchor bay entertainment to actually make people not only interested , but excited about its release on dvd ! 
yet i'm still unclear as to why , since this movie is so awful ) . 
extras on the disc include : a full length audio commentary track with director jeannot szwarc and " special project consultant " scott michael bosco , the excellent 50-minute documentary from 1984 called supergirl-the making of a feature ( dig that workout montage ! ) , 5 trailers , 3 tv spots , talent bios , in-depth storyboards ( accompanied by score from the movie ) , and assorted still galleries . 
only some special effects sequences show the wear of time , and there just isn't much that can be done about that ( unless you're obsessive like george lucas ) . 
bosco probes szwarc for information on virtually everyone and everything that comes onscreen , and we learn a great deal more about the film as a result of his participation . 
great detail is given about superman's proposed role in the original script before reeve ( wisely ) dropped out . 
mind you , though , i mean this in the worst possible way . 
from there , we see the blond , female protagonist , helen shivers ( woodenly played by sarah michelle geller ) , getting crowned croaker queen as the blond male " hero , " barry cox ( woodenly played by ryan phillipe ) , and matched brunette pair of protagonists , julie james and ray bronson ( woodenly played by party of five's jennifer love hewitt and freddie prinze jr . , respectively ) cheer her on . 
the lives of our protagonists have gone from annoying to bad . 
it all begins with an irrational murder , followed by some taunting of protagonists by the mysterious killer , bad acting by a good actress ( anne heche ) , an improbable plot , bad acting by the main bad actors , some more killing , concluding in a climactic scene , mostly climactic in the relief at the end of the movie . 
all the while , the actors and actresses spout off bad lines , and main brunette male does his best keanu reeves imitation . 
two dalmatians , pongo and perdy , fall in love at first sight . 
needless , dumb sequel flopped in the box office , and never gained much success though it is voted as one of the worst sequels of all time , to which i agree with . 
to start the " story " it is four years later , and regan is being tormented by memories of what used to be , now a priest played by richard burton , is trying to figure out why this demon tried to possess regan , and now the demon somehow wants to possess her again ( maybe she was good or something ) . 
i actually gave this one a high rating , if it were any worse it would have deserved zero pumpkins , i went easy on it however because of the fact that it has a bit of good direction , but nothing else ! 
directed by vicky funari as a labor of intense love - she spent the last one third of her life on film - the movie blends documentary footage with historic and fanciful recreations to relate the bitterly sad and true story of paulina cruz suarez . 
but that does not guarantee that a movie about her will necessarily being good . 
woody allen has made a couple less-than good films , and he's my favorite . 
which were great ) . 
but 1995 just wasn't that good of a year for him . 
robert rodriguez is also a great director ; not a brilliant one , but a cool one . 
exposition : a simple one - a bellhop , ted ( the totally overdone tim roth , who's a god and all , but not in this one , though he has a couple good moments ) is working on new year's eve for his first shift ( ! ! ! ) in an old fancy hotel . 
stupid plot , inane characters who aren't interesting at all , etc , etc , etc . the only good thing about this is it has a good cast which , in turn , it wastes pitifully . 
ironically , this one could be considered the best for a bad reason : it best represents what quentin has done with this film . 
if he did , i'd give this a good 3 stars . 
it was anti-climactic and the dialogue wasn't very good . 
it's cool for a while , then he makes it uneven . 
it's long and it's just not very good . 
but i will forgive everyone involved and i especially look forward to quentin's next directing job ( even though he and rodriguez jumped back to the top immeadiately with the cool " from dusk till dawn , " which i found exhilerating ) . 
i love quentin and i suppose it's good he made " the man from hollywood " because it makes him seem more realistic and not some " god of cinema . " 
it's stone that is a disappointment among the actors . 
the fourth member of their party is erica , a wiccan with flowing hair and wide eyes who wants to prove that the blair witch was a good witch , not evil . 
this would be a great point to get up and go to the bathroom if necessary . 
this movie was awful . 
simply awful . 
this is weak storytelling at its worst . 
the real miracle of my night was the fact that i did not fall asleep during this straightforward , unimpressive film about a guy with special powers who we never truly understand or care about . 
i truly did not get anything out of the film other than the fact that there is a guy on death row who has special powers to heal , and we are left wondering if he should still be executed or not . 
all in all , a bad movie starring some great actors doing solid work , especially michael clarke duncan as the man of the hour , john coffey . 
unfortunately , that is not the case here , where both of the film's leading characters are thorougly uninteresting and annoying , giving the audience very little to sympathise with their respective plights , and even less reason to want to follow their onscreen exploits . 
among the cast , coming off best is david arquette , the current master in the portrayal of meek , squirming , stammering fresh-faced characters - he would have been terrific as the lead for george huang's swimming with sharks - who gets to apply his adeptness for timidity as terry . 
in my review of " the spy who shagged me , " i postulated an unbreakable law of film physics : every time a sequel is as good as or better than the previous film in the series , it is followed by a third movie that is a bore . 
the love story between the simple girl waiting to get married and her luckless boyfriend turning nasty on her doesn't mean much , since their relationship remained undeveloped . 
so when his best friend mike ( gallagher ) , the narrator of the film , gets a chance to sleep with his girlfriend--who cares ? 
while out shopping , she also meets tom ( sean patrick flanery ) , a charming , handsome man , who happens to be planning a ritzy restaurant for the department store he works for , and later when he decides to drop by her dive , called southern cross , for lunch , she somehow makes a delicious crab dish for him , even though she is known to not be a very good chef . 
add in a music montage every ten minutes ( these are actually the best scenes in the movie , which certainly tells you something about the film itself ) , and what you've got is an utterly empty , if not necessarily boring , excursion . 
the cast of " simply irresistible " is fairly good , but it is the supporting characters who are the most interesting . 
it's not just because this is a brian depalma film , and since he's a great director and one who's films are always greeted with at least some fanfare . 
discovers there's a very good possibility it was a conspiracy . 
but that's not the worst part of it : it's that it's the one person you didn't think it would be because he was too obviously supposed to be the red herring , the one you didn't think did it because it would be stupid and cliched of that person to be behind it . 
events become more and more proposterous , and by the end , the film has decided to rely on the worst offender in mysteries like this : the deux ex machina . 
then there's koepp , who showed such great ability at making a character's flaws come to life like he did in depalma's earlier " carlito's way , " a film that dove right into the life and past of its character and examined him extremely well . 
he's flawed , and we can see redemption if the story wasn't so formulaic . 
and the central character's love interest , played by an australian actor named adam garcia , proves * he * can get up on that bar and start shimmying along with the rest of them too . 
from a director who does such a great job of staging explosions and miraculous stunts , i suggest west should stick with mindless , rip-roaring action features and attempt to avoid future projects like this . 
the acting is very good from the majority of the experienced cast . 
battlefield earth is the worst film of 2000 , and i guarantee you that nothing else this year will even come close . 
but how did he possibly think this was a good movie ? 
and how did he think he was giving a good performance here ? 
you can make a dumb but good sci-fi film ( i love independence day for example ) , but there is absolutely nothing entertaining about battlefield earth . 
_soldier_ is hands down one of the worst movies a person could ever have to sit through that doesn't have jean claude van damme in it . 
and the special effects ! 
the film opens with a voice over from geeky fern mayo ( judy greer ) about the four most popular girls at reagan high : courtney shayne ( rose mcgowan ) who can basically be summed up as satan in heels , julie freeman ( rebecca gayheart ) a good girl with the face of a supermodel , marcie fox ( julie benz ) a dim-witted blonde who demands that people call her " foxy " , and liz purr ( charlotte roldan ) an angel in disguise . 
liz is everyone's favorite because she's both beautiful and kind . 
we do get the best scene in the film ( the only one with a spark of originality ) during this section . 
at times jawbreaker feels simply like teen cinema's greatest hits but the audience is cheated with watered down interpretations of the best this genre has to offer . 
performances are mostly sub-par with mcgowan providing only a few good moments ( compared with her excellent work in the doom generation ( 1995 ) and scream ( 1996 ) ) and gayheart making the biggest impression due to the sweet nature of her character and her obvious beauty . 
love . 
watching much of a life less ordinary is like being trapped in indie hipster hell , stockpiling quirks in the name of cool . 
my best guess as to what the filmmakers wanted to accomplish is an atmosphere of warped womantic ( yes , misspelling intended ) whimsy , which comes through in only one scene : an extended musical number where celine and robert sing " beyond the sea " at a karaoke bar . 
still , i can't recall a comedy about the subject before bye bye love . 
bye bye love is rarely funny , more often a weak and melodramatic retread of common tv-movie fare . 
bye bye love follows one weekend in the lives of three divorced fathers who get weekend custody of their children . 
randy quaid is the best of the three , bitter without being irritating , gleefully spiteful without being frightening . 
he does get bye bye love's best sub-plot , a hilarious dinner date with a gloriously demented janeane garofolo , and he does a great slow burn . 
this isn't a performance good enough to be called mailed-in ; he even forgot to put a stamp on it . 
bye bye love basically comes off as a very confused movie , because it spends far too much of its time on the new relationships of its main characters instead of on the relationships between the fathers and their kids , making it just another " dating in the 90s " movie . 
it is a sad end to flanders' career , getting caught up in a truly annoying over-use of mcdonald's as a location , a plot device and , apparently , a major advertiser . 
even if bye bye love had decided to spend its time focusing exclusively on the parent-child relationships , it still would have been pretty difficult to pull off , because ultimately there is very little humor one can wring from family break-ups and their effects on children . 
any way you slice it , it is a bad situation for kids , and the makers of bye bye love mostly go for the heartstrings when dealing with the single parenting issue . 
there have been comparisons between bye bye love and parenthood , but parenthood was both genuinely funny and genuinely touching . 
bye bye love is a genuine shame . 
they constantly shift and turn and arc their heads in mock interest in what has got to be one of the worst perfomances that a large group of people have given at one time ever . 
as an instructor of english myself , i have a hard time accepting the fact that in a course emphasizing great literature , a teacher would stoop to reading a student's bad poetry ( of course , it's valerie's ) about boyfriends out loud and then embarassing its author in front of class with questions about the poem's inspiration . 
by making an epic science fiction and inviting great cast and talented crew , he hopes to reach the modern audience . 
and the possibilities are certainly there , but the result is a great disaster . 
it is not a very good achievement . 
it consists of multiple copies and direct ripp-offs from several great science fiction films and stories . 
so sobieski soon falls in love with kelley , especially after the day she follows him through the woods and hears him giving his graduation speech ( which he was unable to deliver because he caused the destruction of property and nearly killed dozens of people ) . 
soon they're frolicking around in the fields and for some reason waste no time letting people in town ( especially jasper's best friend ) see them together . 
for the entire film we watch sam fall in love with the guy no one likes while the film's only sympathetic character gets completely crushed . 
but even after he's destroyed these people's lives he continues to be a snob to them , and ruins one more for good measure . 
extras include jessica simpson's music video for " where you are " , a commercial for the film's soundtrack ( which by the way is the only good thing about the film ) , the original theatrical trailer and five tv spots , trailers for other fox releases ( anna and the king , anywhere but here , the beach , drive me crazy , ever after , romeo + juliet , simply irresistible ) , as well as that new fox promo touting their upcoming dvd releases that i really enjoy . 
in " robocop " and " total recall , " verhoeven displayed a gift for creating an entertaining mix of violence , special effects and social satire , and " starship troopers " starts off in similar fashion , with a tongue-in-cheek futuristic military recruitment ad that shows promise . 
it's a veritable " alpha centuri 90210 " as we watch the love-smitten teens squabble in the name of love . 
a phenomenally large amount of money was spent creating the computer animated insects and the results are mixed at best . 
in " showgirls " fashion , some scenes are almost bad enough to be good . 
shandling meets up with annette bening , who will inevitably prove to be the love he never knew existed , at one of kinnear's aa meetings . 
we're supposed to empathize with shandling's discovery of the feeling of " guilt , " but instead i wanted to weep for bening that she was placing her entire life and soul firmly in the lap of a great big nothing . 
and eventually , shandling falls in love with her . . . 
the stereotypical american male has an undeniable fetishistic love of sports cars . 
cage is legendary retired car thief , memphis raines ( don't you love cute movie names ) , who must call upon his time worn skills to save his thick-headed brother ( ribisi ) from being killed . 
he's first shown living the good life teaching young children to drive go-carts . 
there's a segment where one of the thieves shows another his cool fake fingerprint trick . 
there are a few good jokes in the script , but they are few and far between . 
sadly , he's barely in the movie , and rock's really annoying hamster is given far too much screen time . 
there's an impressive looking tiger , however , and the lip sync is pretty good . 
doctor dolittle , in the end , is a disappointment for everyone involved . 
trading places ) the director has seen better days , and even the creatures aren't that good . 
it's a movie that seems almost clinical , as it traces the 300-plus-years history of the legendary musical instrument of the title . 
ennio morricone's music is usually considered to be some of the best stuff in the projects he works on , but here it is dreadfully overbearing . 
all in all , this movie was laughable for me , provided me with no insight into anything , demonstrated williamson's genuine lack of directorial skills alongside a juvenile script , and provided helen mirren with a great role to chew into , unfortunately forgetting to give her character any believability , humanity or capacity to comprehend . 
reindeer games is easily the worst of the three recent films penned by ehren kruger ( scream 3 and arlington rd are the others , each derivative in their own special way ) . 
this is appropriate considering that miramax ( which used to place their label on some of the most artistically daring films ) has quickly become a grindhouse for coddling foreign imports ( life is beautiful ) and freddie prinze jr . vehicles . 
this is what you can expect should you chose to take this reindeer on ; several scenes in which , after catching his prey , the bad guy proceeds to stall interminably until the good guy has a chance to kill his captor and crack a stupid one-liner . 
the movie is , of course , a live-action version of the beloved children's book , which was previously adapted into a 1966 tv special by looney tunes animator chuck jones . 
cindy lou discovers that the grinch turned tearfully away from whoville in grammar school when he was publicly humiliated while expressing his love for the prettiest girl in the class , martha may whovier ( played as an adult by christine baranski ) . 
this is one of the worst big-screen film experiences i've had for a while . 
with this film , plus `showgirls' and `basic instinct' , paul verhoeven has stamped himself as currently one of the worst blockbuster directors . 
obviously nobody wanted to invest too much money in a production from someone like verhoeven , the result being that much of the special effects in `starship' seemed fake . 
all right , it is supposed to be a fast-paced entertainment film , and you're supposed to turn off your intellect ( completely ) and enjoy the action sequences and special effects ( that is , guts and gore ) . 
but there is another girl , dizzy ( meyer ) , who likes johnny and then there is another boy who likes carmen , which results in a love quadrangle , which isn't better , because it means augmented worse-than-stereotyped soap opera , increased bitchiness , and more bad beverly hills + melrose . 
and the result of this love quadrangle at the end is also rather stupid . 
the troopers fight , fall in love , die , kill , and try to act . 
isn't it also amazing that earthlings haven't invented better hand-held weapons by then ? 
well , maybe a-quarter ( of a star ) for the originality of the co-sex shower scene and the ( very ) brief moments of suspense , another quarter for copying `zulu' and letting the good guys ( the bugs ) win , and half a star for the sucking-out of the brain of one of those people who call themselves actors ( but there should have been more , the troopers deserved to die ) . 
those who tend not to be nostalgic about 1980s can find very good reason in the type of movies that made ginty the star . 
the protagonist of the movie is jack ( played by jeff fahey ) , yacht skipper that falls madly in love with christina ford ( played by bo derek ) . 
however , his good friend walter j . hill ( robert mitchum ) happens to be very good lawyer , so jack might even prove his innocence in the end . 
so , the brave good guys ( lambert and henstridge ) go after him . 
in her opening monologue , a monologue which sounds as though henstridge was reading from cue cards , we learn that she has gone to great lengths to secure a fake passport for her son . 
must not have been a good fake . 
ironically , one of the themes of 200 cigarettes is that you should try to make the best of every moment in life . 
unfortunately i will no longer be able to say that i lived every moment of my life to the fullest , because i spent 95 otherwise perfectly good minutes , watching this sad excuse for a movie . 
wisely , the movie's creators have put heavy emphasis on lucy ( courtney love ) and kevin ( paul rudd ) who are best friends and share the common bond of being dateless . 
finally , there are the two worst performances and worst sub-plot of the film . 
the sole function of penelope ann miller's character is to give dead-bang an excuse to include a gratuitous love scene between characters about whom you could not care less . 
i guess the film's title refers to this love scene since it's definitely a dead bang . 
but two funny scenes and a couple good wisecracks do not a movie make . 
instead the people do the best they can with a talented cast . 
the special effects are good , especially on the robotic yoshi . 
raul julia does a good job , considering this was his final film . 
it hits the bases by presenting the characters in a plot with good sets , but goes no further . 
austin must go after him , and returns to the swinging sixties where free love and sexy secret agents had their heyday . 
but the films premise sounded like an excellent comic vehicle and the film received many good reviews . 
nobody looks as if their having a good time , and all the performers are on autopilot . 
the special effects are nice , especially the plane crash , and there's a good ( if very loud ) soundtrack by veteran composer jerry goldsmith . 
bored performers and a lackluster plot and script , do not make a good action movie . 
danny falls in love with rafe's girlfriend , evelyn ( beckinsale ) , but rafe survives and returns to confront his former friend . 
instead , there is just an assembly-line love triangle , some empty patriotic rhetoric , and a laughable attempt to placate japanese viewers via the inclusion of some reticent imperial commanders ( when one intones , " i fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant " , i nearly fell out of my seat ) . 
great actor , horrific performance . 
though it has sat on the shelves of universal studios for about two years , waiting until it can be released and make as much money as it possibly can ( read : early january , when everyone's still trying to catch up on the potential oscar-nominees ) , it does show that universal shelled out a pretty penny to make this film : it's laden with complex machinery , boasts respectable production design , and it may even feature believable special effects . . . if , of course , i , or anyone else , could see them . 
 " virus " mostly takes place on a large , abandoned cruiser , and mostly at night until the dawn , and mostly without the use of lights , not so much for the productivity of the alien creatures in their pursuit of their human prey , but more so because , as the hollywood cliche seems to go , " if it's dark enough , then the special effects will be more believable . " 
with no interesting characters , no dramatic urgency , no tension , not one good moment of action , and no mesmerizing visuals , it's a wonder that it even got made . 
we already know that big movie studios' mentality is shallow at best , and movies like " out of sight " and " saving private ryan " give you more faith in them , but movies like " virus " manage to drain a little more out of the pool . 
except for a few bright moments of good verbal comedy , that old feeling is embarrassing to sit through . 
lilly and dan hate each other passionately -- so passionately that they have sex at the wedding and fall in love again . 
in molly's search for her parents , she somehow falls in love with lilly's paparazzo joey ( danny nucci ) . 
molly's husband is a career-conscious , self-centered republican politician who thinks she's too fat ( and just for good measure , he also fucked dan's wife ) , so we can write him off as a prick . 
everyone else falls in love . 
with an anemic plot and not-quite-kosher special effects , _john carpenter's vampires_ has barely enough substance to slake the thirst of even the least discerning genre fan . 
for the rest of you looking for a good scare , beware : _vampires_ is a film with no teeth . 
here's what murphy thinks : " i think the audience is expecting a good time . 
i think it's the best movie i've done " ( paramount radio network ) . 
here's what i think : harlem nights is charmless , unoriginal , disappointing , and almost without question , the worst film of the actor's career ( i haven't seen best defense ) . 
the movie's problem is not murphy's direction : harlem nights is a fairly good looking film . 
murphy's awful script is the culprit . 
each of them shines occasionally , but basically what we have are good performers stuck in a bad vehicle . 
of course , i've already mentioned that i didn't care for murphy's character , but i have to admit that i did love his neckties . 
way back in 1984 , a great but crazy director named abel ferrara made his worse film and called it fear city . 
the summer of 00' wasn't a very good one for devout cinephiles . 
it offered no blair witches or sixth senses ; the best big budget hollywood could do was an efficient x-men adaptation and a flawed but entertaining shaft update . 
she's blocked out her husband's death and thinks she's a character in her favorite soap , a reason to love . 
i think rock is a great comic yet he hasn't been able to bring his feral intelligence to movies , whenever he acts , and no matter the part , it's like he's doing the damn chris rock show . 
it's the best work she's ever done . 
the film has good moments ( many of the scenes involving a very good greg kinnear , especially his confrontation with zellweger ) , an almost soothing , lyrical score ( and you know a movie's in trouble when the score sticks out as one of the best things about it ) but nothing jells , it's parts , good or bad , are so disparate as to be opposing . 
the whole movie is really well done and looks really good and if one was to overlook the flaws in the plot and characters then this is really a movie . 
the special effects are just amazing , you can't tell that the dinosaurs are created it looks like they were there live , in a few instances of course you know its fake but there are other times that you just wouldn't be able to say that the creature wasn't there during filming , extinct or not . 
one little side note , although my opinion of this movie may not have been the best the way that this movie was marketed and how many theaters it was shown in toronto this opening weekend is nothing short of stupid , there were 10 theater movie theaters that were playing this movie around the clock i think that some people really want money badly . . . . 
you know any movie with that much play would succeed even if it was the worst movie ever made . . . . . 
its not that bad a movie but its not that great either hope you people realize this . 
mountains can be moved , and good movies can be made . 
the best scene is when nick nolte's character , lt . col . tall , is forced to deal with the direct refusal by capt . staros ( elias koteas ) to execute an order . 
nolte's reaction and transformation may be the best work of his career . 
had terrence malick concentrated on the great performances of nolte and koteas as well as those by sean penn , woody harrelson , and john cusack , he could have made a truly great film . 
instead , malick saddled the film with plodding pacing , unnecessary flashbacks , and a voice-over narration all designed to telegraph the great philosophical underpinnings of the story . 
the narration was especially annoying as much of it sounded like very bad high school poetry . 
the previews for the movie are pretty good . 
the residents of mystery love hockey . 
the townsfolk love hockey so much that they even acquit a player who's guilty of shooting another man ( yes , that's one of the movie's jokes . ) 
every saturday , the best players pair off for a game , and the whole town comes to watch . 
the mysterians see this as both good and bad . 
on the one hand , they'd love to have the fame and the money of such an exhibition . 
reynolds could have been good , but sloppy writing and/or editing keep walter in the corner , and so reynolds never really gets to pull his performance all together . 
he's great as austin powers , dr . evil , or any of his scottish characters . 
the groundbreaking part of the movie is the special effects . 
the rest of the movie is a run of the mill werewolf flick with some extra gore thrown in for good measure . 
and with good reason -- the acting isn't great and neither is the writing . 
well ok , we don't actually expect either of those things to be great in a horror film . 
i will give director john landis credit for this being one of the best looking horror films that i have ever seen . 
it's never a good sign that you don't realize a movie is supposed to be funny until after the movie is long over and you read it in the background material . 
the scenes between david naughton and the dead buddy ( griffin dunne ) are really the best parts of the movie . 
as i said , probably the only reason that this film was a hit was because of the special effects . 
enemy was one of the worst films of last year . 
with great film comedies under his belt from when harry met sally ? to the original city slickers , billy crystal has shown that he's more than the world's best oscar host . 
to be fair , the movie does contain a few good scenes - all of which you can see in the trailers . 
my son jeffrey and his friend matthew , both 9 , gave the movie a single star and had nothing good to say about it . 
matthew pointed out that it " is not as good as it could have been or should have been . " 
close-up thrill-shots such as these seemed to elicit more laughter from the audience rather than genuine fear , which is a pretty good sign that you're not watching the thriller that the director had originally envisioned . 
while this movie has some nice visually eerie effects , too much of it's impact had to be generated with extreme close-ups , while the level of suspense was choppy at best . 
in fact , this would serve as a metaphor for the rest of the picture , as it seems director simon west tried so hard to craft a film with atmosphere and flash that he forgot a coherent story and good characterization are also crucial to a good movie . 
what results is a film that looks good , but like that one scene , just isn't right . 
the first fifteen minutes of the film is a good example . 
the answer : it looked cool . 
i say this because although travolta and stowe are normally very good , in this film they overact in most of their scenes . 
the only two actors who seem to have escaped west's influence are james woods , who provides a good performance as colonel moore , elisabeth's mentor at the psychological operations unit , and timothy hutton as colonel kent of the military police . 
as was amply evident after basic instinct , sharon stone can play sensual roles with great abandon . 
babe ruth didn't quit baseball after one season to play football in a quixotic quest to prove his athletic dexterity , and neither should stone reject what she does best . 
an annoying child actor named jean-luke figueroa plays a soon-to-be orphan named nicky . 
when explaining life to a 7-year-old kid , she says with utter seriousness , " you got a lot of love making to make ; you got a lot of boozing to do . " 
his luck hasn't been the best , but things are looking up when a mysterious woman , rhea malroux ( elisabeth shue ) , approaches him with a proposition . 
elisabeth shue vamps it up , but doesn't add anything special to the role . 
 " flubber " is the second best example of how to take all the life out of a film remake an adaptation , and hysterically enough both were distributed by disney . 
what could be a film with cinematic magic is instead dead in the water , and it's a shame because it could have been a great film . 
through a plot twist , hoenicker's goons , named smith and wesson ( ha ha - what a great sense of humor this film has ) who are played by clancy brown and ted levine ( both who needed the pay check ) , discover it the hard way , and try to steal for hoenicker , who wants it just 'cause he's evil enough . 
a sub-plot involves philip's attempts to win back sara , who's angry at him ( and with good reason ) , but who is being seduced by who is basically philip's belloq , wilson croft ( christopher mcdonald , playing the hysterically suave-yet-unsuave asswhole once again ) . 
and in another subplot , philip's day-timer robot , weebo ( voiced by the one-and-only jodi benson ) , falls in love with him . 
earlier in '97 , they released " jungle 2 jungle , " an adaptation of a really awful french film , " un indien dans la ville , " which , yeah , improved over the original , but not by much . 
i like disney , and i usually enjoy their films , not only animated but live action , and their recent films ( save for " hercules , " which was good , but not great ) have been worse than lackluster , they've been pathetic . 
 " jungle 2 jungle " is probably the worst film i saw last year . 
the last line ( or near to that honor ) is the great butler , alfred ( the ubergod , michael gough ) saying , " i think we need a bigger bat cave , " or something to that note . 
that's exactly what this film is - too big for its own good because it has too damn much . 
it's also the fourth worst in the series ( and second worst from joel ) . 
the films seems patched together of nice little ideas which would have made for a couple good sequels . 
he's not quintessential , he's not horrible , he's good . 
but i'm sure next time when they decide to renovate the series since they'll be critically murdered for this sorry effort , we'll get a good script and clooney will shine ( if he still has the job ) . 
arnold isn't very good - too hokey but kinda sympathetic at some points . 
as for the lower bat-people , chris is the same as he was in " batman forever , " although i think his work in these is too hokey when he's best at quieter parts in " scent of a woman " or just plain cool parts in " fried green tomotoes . " 
alicia - i love the girl but she's not particularly good in this film . 
i love that woman and she can also hypothetically act ( for those of us who saw " sirens " ) . 
there are no " couch " scenes ( like my best friend noticed ) . 
in " returns , " it was a good make-out scene with selena . 
i love alfred almost as much as bruce and to see him in a robe , not in his tux , and freaking dying just gets to me . 
but in defense , it does have some good parts , other than uma . 
for one , george is a good batman but unfortunately gets nothing to do . 
he's a really eccentric person and i loved one of his quotes about how he admits to being a mediocre director and that's what makes him great . 
but his costuming for woody allen's " sleeper " was more interesting than this one ( and his costuming was cool - look for the nazi number ) . 
i love the " batman " series . 
his 1994 leon is exciting and absurdly moving , thanks mainly to the interplay between jean reno and a young natalie portman , and 1997's the fifth element is a goofy paean to love , l-u-v , that's even more of a hoot on repeated viewings . 
leading her army against the seemingly impenetrable fortresses of the english , joan's struggle against great odds is undeniably stirring , and besson helps you understand how the french could believe , fervently , that god is on her side . 
trouble is , he's chosen a lurid , often jokey tone for the balance of the picture -- including some blithe cgi bloodshed in the battle scenes -- and it's impossible to shake the feeling that this particular vision of the middle ages is , to a great extent , nothing more than a put-on . 
this glib , pre-fab version of such a great story makes me all the more grateful for dreyer's the passion of joan of arc ( 1928 ) , a film whose dialogue is drawn from the actual transcripts of joan's trial , and which stands as one of the most harrowing experiences in all of cinema . 
no seriously , this is not the svelte , thinking man's hero of the hunt for red october , it is an out-of-shape guy who doesn't look too good in a roof-top chasing scene . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
based on michael crichton's book , eaters of the dead , this viking saga tries to evoke the mysticism of fabled norsemen and the glorious battles that they fought . 
but their festivities are about to be halted when a messenger boy arrives to tell the village leader that a great evil is threatening their land . 
 " this is a good way to die , " says one of the fallen warriors . 
there are other questions that i had , but the real problem was that the story ( little of it that there was ) offered no characters to love or hate . 
however , banderas's role is completely underwritten and it is unclear why being the 13th warrior makes him so special . 
plot : a rich guy who doesn't believe in love , orders a mail-order bride for himself . 
that very evening , the couple is married and fall madly in love soon thereafter . 
critique : easily one of the worst movies that i've seen all year . 
too long , too boring , too predictable and too ridiculous for anyone interested in watching a good movie . 
no suspense , no chemistry between the leads , no real love or passion , no sense of surprise , plenty of plot holes for everyone and an extra moronic ending . 
and that she and eddie just might fall in love along the way ? 
julia overcame a lot of spiteful writing and acting to make my best friend's wedding into a winning film , but not even that 90-tooth smile can save her here . 
instead , i'll settle for discussing the movie's worst sin : that sweethearts is painfully contrived and wholly unbelievable , not just in its plot but in its sentiment . 
what's good about this movie ? 
the little girl is also pretty good but unfortunately her character doesn't really do all that much . 
add that to the entire police force of incompetents , save for jimmy smits ( whose talent agent advised him that playing the exact same cop character from nypd blue would be a good career move ? 
the worst part about this movie is its hilariously unbelievable ending , which features police officers coming up with the brilliant idea of " sneaking up " on a man's house , who they know to be guilty of a crime ! 
either way , little originality , very obvious computer effects , little thrills , little drama and very little entertainment value , certainly bestow the honor of one of the worst movies of the summer upon this film . 
it's also the worst movie i have seen thus far this year . 
i figured it would be at least a couple of months before i saw the worst film of 1998 , but alas , it has already been found . 
 " army of darkness " , one of his best movies , features some of the most inventive camera work i have ever seen , but raimi never lets the special effects get in the way of story . 
the special effects and outrageous camera angles * rule * " knock off " to the point where the audience doesn't have a clue as to what's happening any more . 
and even the special effects , seemingly the only aspect of the film the director actually cared about , are inconsistent . 
nobody gives a good performance in this film . 
in case i haven't yet made it clear enough , " knock off " is the worst movie of van damme's career and possibly the worst movie of the decade . 
the special effects , the story , the great dialogue were woven together so delicately and successfully that my mind lost track that this was a " children's film " --so much so that , yes , i got a little overly sentimental . 
when word came out that they were using this newly developed f/x for a doctor dolittle update , in which eddie murphy plays the title character , and many great comic actors supply the voices , my anticipation rose to great expectations . 
it is great to have the comic voices of jenna elfman , garry schandling , john leguizimo , ellen degeneres , and gilbert godfried in your lineup , but they have nothing to do but improvise their underdeveloped , stereotyped characters , one-line-at-a-time . 
now there are three character actors who do get special treatment : albert brooks brings dignity to nearly every project he's in , and the scenes as a depressed tiger do resonate a certain poignancy . 
 ( 3 ) don't let the special effects technicians walk away with the script . 
this is not to say that special effects filled comedies or muppet movies aren't well-timed laughfests ; with the right director , they can be and have . 
i wish i could commend the special effects , but they're merely average . 
when schneider starts whacking van damme in the behind with a four-foot eel while enthusing " move your beautiful big ass , " the movie takes an unprecedented turn to the bizarre . 
it looks beautiful , but this is also a dark spot . 
it looks so great that it is hard to be frightened by it . 
things look so great , that you are looking on in awe instead of being scared straight . 
it is beautiful , but not the least bit frightening . 
and the worst part : most horror films have killings . 
bad plot , confusing storyline and a waste of good talent . 
hopefully , liam neeson can rebound and get into a good film and be used to his full potential . 
hopefully , lili taylor will be recognized for doing such a great job in such a bad film . 
and in fair game most situations tend to find cindy either soaking wet or very hot and sweaty , but i'm sure that that is just a coincidence , no doubt that these situations were essential to the plot and the fact that cindy looks great wet , well , that's just a happy coincidence . 
i'm not sure if that's because most of his lines were just so hokey , or if he was trying to make cindy's acting look good . 
cindy does a surprisingly good job here in her first movie . 
so right about now you are no doubt asking yourself what sort of movie does cindy crawford , arguably the most beautiful woman on the planet , chose for her foray into the world of cinema ? 
it does have a few good scenes -- theron's super-orgasmic model character is kind of funny , and the last scene might have been moving had the rest of the film shown us a character or two . 
phaedra cinema , the distributor of such never-heard-of classics as " soft toilet seats , " " trailer : the movie , " and " the one armed boxer vs . the flying guillotine , " has sneaked its latest release , " the sculptress , " into a few theaters this weekend hoping to cash in on a handful of halloween holidaygoers looking for a right good scare . 
there's a nice credit sequence , the production design by bo welch is pleasing to the eye , and the special effects are decent enough . 
it's also somewhat racist , although it doesn't intend to be , with one scene with jim west trying to wisecrack his way out of a lynching , and actually says slavery is good to save himself . 
why not loveless build a great big tank , instead of an ungainly , fragile piece of machinery that's just begging to be blown up ? 
 " anaconda " boasts some of the worst special effects to appear onscreen in years . 
what's really amazing is that the filmmaker's were so proud of this dreadful shot that they actually included it in the promotional trailers for the movie . 
heroic and very pale anthropologist eric stoltz leads a documentary film crew down a brazilian river in search of the shirishama indians , a legendary tribe that supposedly lives in the boondocks of the rain forest . 
also , why did stoltz , who generally selects his roles with great care , agree to appear in this crap ? 
ice cube has a special charisma ; an ability to look like a macho adult and a frightened boy simultaneously . 
there's also a special twinkle in his eyes , as if he's gently mocking his own tough-guy posturing . 
it strikes , wraps around you , holds you tighter than your true love . 
so bad , it's almost good . 
and the special effects are somewhere between an old rerun of star trek and what you see in a home movie . 
not a great one , but it is there . 
you could randomly select a movie out of the horror section of you local video store and probably luck into something just as good if not better . 
he , especially , looked bad because david thewlis as paul verlaine looked so good despite the turgid dialogue that was thrust upon him and how thin a character he was forced to be . 
this film was especially annoying because rimbaud's poems are filled with a visionary tenseness that are not even approached in this film , as the film only manages to skim the surface of the lives of these poets and completely ignores the value of their poetry . 
if you have ever seen fox tv's special car chase programs , you'll have a good idea about the content of ronin , the new action " thriller " from director john frankenheimer . 
among the people she hires are sam ( robert de niro ) , vincent ( jean reno ) , and gregor ( stellan skarsg ? rd from good will hunting ) . 
don't get me wrong , i love car chases , but they were overdone and too long here . 
all this love and sorcery have a lot to do with the telekinetic crab that also figures into the story , a tale that at times plays like an american spin on 1993's mexican classic " like water for chocolate . " 
several differences : one , " like water " didn't have a telekinetic crab , and two , " like water " was a good film . 
amateurishly staged scenes cancel each other out in their badness , from an embarrassing seduction in a literal vanilla fog to an impromptu dance sequence where tom and amanda do their best fred and ginger - though fred and ginger never took part in anything this garish . 
it's certainly a dish best not served in it's current condition , but one can only guess that , without gellar , " simply irresistible " would be strictly unwatchable . 
when walt disney pictures announced a live-action feature based on the '60s cartoon series of " mr . magoo , " special interests groups representing the vision-impaired let out a cry of dismay . 
the best of these ( george of the jungle ) was mildly entertaining . 
the worst , mr . 
the bad guys are kelly lynch ( who does a lot of martial arts-type kicking ) , nick chinlund , and malcolm mcdowell ( who has the good sense to look embarrassed ) . 
this film was a bunch of fighting , yelling , special effects , and bad acting set to an oppressive techno music soundtrack . 
the good guys , led by sorcerer rayden ( james remar ) and human mortal liu kang ( robin shou ) , must take the fight to outworld , where the fate of both worlds will be determined . 
here's the catch : they must reunite princess katana ( talia soto ) , who's on the good side , with her resurrected mother queen sindel ( musetta vander ) , who's on the bad side , for their love for each other will close the portal and ensure humanity's safety for another generation . 
how this is supposed to work , i still have no idea , but i liked katana's line , " i knew love would keep us together , " since that captain and tennille song ran through my head and i got a good laugh . 
the first encounter between good and evil shows kahn and rayden swiftly arching though the air toward one another . 
i have to admit , the fight scenes are pretty good , although you can tell they are heavily enhanced by digital effects and fly wires , allowing the characters to surpass the limits of the human body and the laws of physics . 
after a fight between sonya and one of the bad guys degenerates into female mud wrestling , jax says , " you look good in mud . 
brian thompson , who has played good guys , bad guys , and even an alien on tv's the x-files , but always some muscle-bound behemoth , is your average evil demi-god , but it's more the script's fault than his own that he doesn't have anything original to say . 
after that , the movie and the book begin the same , with the murder of jack williams ( frederick downs ) , a one-armed detective and hammer's best friend . 
and , more importantly , hammer's suspicious love interest , charlotte bennett ( barbara carrera ) , morphs from a run-of-the-mill psychiatrist into the coordinator and founder of the sex clinic . 
rest assured , the movie not only includes a great deal of nudity , but it is thoroughly violent , especially toward women . 
no one would deny that spillane's writing has a definite misogynistic nature , but the movie seems to take it a step further by giving it such glorious screen treatment ; its constant equation of sex and violence , much of which is played with the intention of being erotic , is quite unsettling . 
the script was written by larry cohen , who is best known for his creatively cheesy but nonetheless effective monster movies , like " it's alive " ( 1974 ) and its two sequels , " q " ( 1981 ) , and " the stuff " ( 1985 ) . 
consequently , a great deal of the texture of spillane's storytelling is lost . 
of course , because of the lack of written description , those who have read spillane's books will have a strong personal notion of what hammer looks like , and therefore almost any screen incarnation will somehow fall short of expectations ( spillane , who played the character himself in 1963's " the girl hunters , " is generally considered the best of the film hammers ) . 
when she gets home , she will write her name and number inside a book ( " love in the time of cholera " ) and sell it to a used bookstore . 
both sara and jonathan are now engaged to other love interests . 
serendipity also relieves the tedium with the amazing eugene levy , who plays a snarky bloomingdale's salesman . 
my first press screening of 1998 and already i've gotten a prime candidate for my worst ten of the year list . 
perhaps the best that can be said for the picture is the faint praise i heard afterwards in the lobby , " it's not as bad as some of the television sitcoms . " 
ingredients : possessed plastic dolls in love , plastic dolls having sex 
the best that can be said about bride of chucky is that it is sarcastic . 
this premise--kafka by way of cronenberg--is the background for the hole , which could have been a great movie , but , sadly , ends up as a waste of good ideas . 
perhaps it is a challenge : he dares us to enjoy this movie , despite his best attempts to ensure that we don't . 
details essential to the story are so improbably convenient they are annoying ( like why would two unprepared secret service men carry two night-vision goggles in their car ? ) . 
their game of love quickly turns into a violent struggle as the man starts beating the woman . 
director quentin tarantino once said : " i can make a good movie out of any bad script . " 
from the opening sequence the film is in big trouble : squiggly , " quirky " credits , fake-looking passenger planes circling new york , and anne dudley's in-your-ear music making us wonder how she ever got that best original score nomination for " the full monty , " let alone won it . 
hip , cool , demonic auctioneer nick " the zone " falzone ( cusack ) is the best in the biz . 
the film , of course , plays on the size difference between the two , and at times you would almost swear it must be special effects . 
max went to america because sammy promised to reunited him with his childhood love , lillianna , who hasn't seen him since he was a normal-sized kid . 
this could be an enlightening revelation , but the film seemingly presents it only to justify sammy's transformation into a caring , sensitive guy -- and hey , a great dad and husband , too ! 
christopher neither condemns nor glorifies the legendary excesses that were studio 54's hallmark . 
the dialogue is embarassing and isn't helped by the frequently terrible delivery ( i almost burst out laughing when harris delivered his speech about the need to sacrifice a few hundred people for the good of the species ) . 
well , i admit the effects are good -- the bugs move about quite convincingly , especially when they have been deprived of a few of their limbs . 
one of these days , i'll make good on my promise never to rent another abel ferrara movie . 
it's a perfume-drenched , coke-addled visit to the seedy pornography shop , where beautiful models ( no , hookers -- no , courtesans ) usher you through the silk curtains . 
ferrara's only consistently smart move has been casting christopher walken over and over again , since walken can make a good movie great and a loathsome movie durable whenever he's onscreen . 
you know those gothic club kids who are too cool to smile and let you know they're actually having fun ? 
the central role of matty , a junkie film star whose lightning paced hollywood life among the beautiful people is inevitably leading to his destruction , is played by matthew modine ( who takes what he can get after cutthroat island ) . 
the blackout is typical ferrara : no plot to speak of , plenty of raunch , and horribly vogue images of matthew modine downing a bottle of jack daniels and a beer while wrapping himself in a see-through curtain in his hotel room by the sea , by the sea , by the beautiful sea . 
 " l . a . confidential , " easily the best film of 1997 , is a wonderful piece of contemporary neo-noir filmmaking . 
while hanging out at a bar , he notices that a beautiful woman has left her purse in a phone booth . 
and with good reason--somehow , some way , the supremely disappointing _54_ has made the historically hip haven of hedonism . . . 
with the exception of the flamboyant , always-woozy rubell ( myers , in a well-modulated turn ) , the meaty stories to be told at studio 54 are not the workers' but those of the people who went there to party ; not necessarily the numerous vip guests , but the wild eccentrics who managed to be picked from the crowd by the club's famously hard-ass doormen and dance ( among other things ) the night away with the rich , famous , and infamous ( the only taste of the crowd comes by way of ellen dow's feisty dottie , a disco- and drug-crazed granny , but she's a peripheral character at best ) . 
these two fascinating looks at the club and all the sordid goings-on within it show that there's still a great disco movie to be made . 
shortly after joining medical school , he meets and falls in love with carin ( monica potter ) . 
they have resurrected yet another cartoon and turned it into a live action hodgepodge of expensive special effects , embarrassing writing and kid-friendly slapstick . 
when all is said and done , this wasn't a very wise move on the part of the screenwriters - the infamous dr . claw has been turned into a wisecracking game show host who makes cheap attempts at being suave and cool . 
broderick first plays a friendly , naive security guard named john brown , who dreams of becoming a cop and upholding the law for the good of the people . 
the special effects are everywhere , but not so annoying they will cause your eyes to peel over . 
he's referred to as the mariner , but they " the meaner " would have been a more appropriate title because he's cold , rigid , and strict - and he's supposed the be the good guy ! 
there was potential here for a good pirate story set in medieval times before modern technology , so why mix the two together ? 
even with all its special effects , action , and adventure this film is boring . 
still , " waterworld " is professionally made with a good production design and an original idea but no substance to it . 
 ( just to make an idle point , i did like " toy story , " but that was good ) also , i have this aversion to bad french farces , and if they remake them into american films . 
well , this is my excuse : it was prom night , i'm not a prom person , my best friend and i impulsively went to the drive-ins where they were playing " grosse pointe blank " - wouldn't mind seeing it again - but i had to suffer through this first . 
i stayed away from it like it was limburgher , and according to roger ebert , that was a good idea . 
 ( played with an emphasis on over-done by lolita davidovitch , who is usually good ) . 
at the end of filming , did they all scream out , " we've made a great movie , guys ! " 
big question to get from this film : why would someone want to remake what was billed as one of the worst films of all time if they're just going to do it the exact same way ? 
the second serial-killer thriller of the month is just awful . 
he does a pretty good job but i can't blame keanu reeves for declining this part . 
those of you who still want to see the movie should pick a theater with a large screen and a good sound system to enjoy the visual effects and the phantastic surround sound effects . 
but the ilm special effects can't save the movie . 
realizing they are very good at revenge plots , they open a revenge for hire business , eventually running afoul of a rich businessman played by christopher macdonald ( who after roles in " happy gilmore " and " veronica's closet " seems typcast in this role ) , who sends them to destroy a building that mitch learns is the home of his girlfriend's grandmother , thus leading them to plot against the rich businessman on the night of the grand opening of a new opera house . 
the jokes are juvenile , crude , appealing to the worst elements in people . 
it's sketch comedy , and if you're a fan of norm macdonald , you'll love it . 
seriously , this idea--a psycho bumping off people in the style of urban legends--is a great one and i wish it could have been pulled off . 
an example : " that [car crash] must've been awful . . . for 
i know in slasher movies there isn't supposed to be a lot of great characterization and i myself don't mind cardboard cutouts , but please don't let the cutouts be so damn bland . 
good thing brad dourif is here , but wait . . . he's only in the movie for five minutes _and_ he's just redoing his good-natured stuttering character from one flew over the cuckoo's nest . 
the film most blatantly ripped off is scream ( another reason that makes me think silvio horta wrote this after craven's and williamson's great success ) . 
it's best stab at self-reflexivity is poking fun at " that girl in the noxzeema ad " ( ie , rebecca gayheart ) we also have another killer-taunting-his-victim-on-the-phone routine in urban legend and quick , what movie is this exchange of dialogue from : 
like i said , this movie could've been great . 
still , at least urban legend had some pretty cool death scenes and a somewhat realized whodunit angle which makes this slasher is waaaayyyyyy better than i know what you did last summer . 
you see , 'net critics established enough to be on any sort of vip list are professionals-miramax surely knows the difference between a member of the on-line film critics society ( ofcs ) and the type of fanboy who posts spy reports at ain't it cool news . 
this leads to some of the worst paired acting of the me decade , and with the dialogue they're given , there's not much room for improvement . 
they called it love . " 
set in harlem during the great depression , rival gangster " families " go to war over control of " the numbers " , an illegal gambling lottery . 
in fact , i was angered by how many similarities there was between this film and , arguably , the best gangster movie of all time , the godfather . 
the good performances and convincing setup during the first third of the movie do not make up for the lackluster story that follows . 
death , sorrow , love , heartbreak , pain , joy . 
it's a great scheme and possibly the only entertaining way to do a sequel . 
and remember , if a film is for _everybody_ , and if it makes the most money for the summer , it _must_ be good , right ? 
and , and , we must have beautiful scenic worldwide shots , like paris , blown up . 
any film that could take the indie-films' most valuable talents , and throw it all away with a bruce willis vehicle , a hundred-million dollar budget , but have cheap-o sets and lousy special effects , is , bottom line , living proof that hell exists , and has made a multi-picture deal with universal . 
left for dead after a test battle with the best of the new killers , caine 607 ( jason scott lee ) , he's unceremoniously dumped as trash on arcadia 234 , a garbage world . 
when the peace-loving colonists get a good look at who todd is , they are afraid of him and he is exiled to live by himself amid the junk on an environmentally hostile world . 
they are the other good guys . 
the first thing that todd sees after coming back to life is sandra ( connie nielsen ) , the woman just a little too beautiful to be living in such harsh conditions who is taking care of him . 
everything blows up and occasionally it looks cool . 
most disappointing is that the screenplay is by david webb peoples who wrote " blade runner " , possibly the best science fiction movie ever made . 
if there is one good thing about joe vs the volcano , it is that the plot is original . 
graynamore gives joe a credit card to buy everything he needs to go on this " great adventure " . 
they do plently of cheap special effects on the boat voyage . 
oh , and jam ( real name jeremiah ) has a really , really annoying ultra-religious mother who ought to be reported to the child welfare agency . 
then again , " maximum overdrive " had an awesome soundtrack ( me being the big ac/dc fan that i am ) , but is probably one of the worst movies of all time . 
great acting , music and cinematography were nice , but too many dull sub-plots and characters made the film hard to follow . 
his love ( kirstin scott thomas , mission impossible ) was severely injured in a plane crash , and eventually died in a cave . 
don't get the wrong idea , it may sound good and the trailer may be tempting , but good is the last thing this film is . 
the only redeeming qualities about this film are the fine acting of fiennes and dafoe and the beautiful desert cinematography . 
nothing much special . 
no one is going to enrich their life or have a good time by watching material such as this . 
first thing--if you don't heed my advice , then understand what you're about to see before you even think about paying good money for this crud . 
however , the deaths are often staged and , in those cases , special effects and " good " acting make all the difference . 
by those jabs , i'm not only referring to his stylish destruction of the " batman " franchise , but " a time to kill " was an immensely overrated disappointment . 
a good screenwriter and a good director can make you hypnotically watch even disgusting subject matter . 
case in point , a shot of a christian fellowship bus ( good , right ? ) 
catherine keener is good ( although too quick to threaten divorce ) as mrs . wells . 
baby cindy is obviously cute and wells' devout love of his daughter is sweet . 
during some conversations , close-ups and wide shots are not cut very well , making it look to be editted by someone whose instincts aren't good and whose timing was a half-second off . 
good movies " . 
however , throughout this simple plot , we've got to suffer outlandish special effects , poor comedy , and an very , very mean performance from bill murray . 
he also isn't very good at emotional scenes , and totally destroys the last ten minutes of the film , with an utterly desperate speech saying how great christmas is , and how he has changed . 
however , the supporting cast are ok , with good performances from mitchum , allen ( who plays his girlfriend ) and john glover ( who plays cross's 'partner' ) the ghost of christmas past isn't that bad either . 
and the audience also has to suffer bobcat goldthwait ( the guy with the annoying voice in police academy 3 , if i remeber correctly . . . . ) 
and he must of been on some drug when he wrote the final ten minutes , which are awful . 
the special effects look nice , but do nothing for the film . 
the music is also good , which is scored by danny elfman . 
but great effects and make up don't make a great film . 
the movie is set in the year 2017 , " the worst year of my life , " pam says . 
 ( " the worst movie of the year , " i say . ) 
his partner-in-crime is the new british " exchange teacher " ( olivia d'abo ) , a lively lass who has obviously seen dangerous minds and knows that the best way to gain the respect of a disinterested , outer-city audience is to teach them something neat . 
an awful adventure is not without * some * rewards , tho . 
he's the best thing in a movie that--despite the work of four credited writers-- * still * manages to waste such diverse talents as david odgen stiers , kevin mccarthy , and joe pantolinao . 
this forced me to pay full price for snake eyes instead of watching a perfectly good baseball game for free -- so the invective , deserved as it is , should be seen in that perspective . ) 
snake eyes is supposed to be a mystery movie , and good mystery movies are supposed to leave you asking yourself questions on the way out of theater . 
snake eyes is not a good mystery movie , but i had some questions : where's the manager , and how do i get a re-admit pass ? 
the expert craftsman who pieced together a fairly good trailer out of snippets of a wretched movie deserves praise and a percentage of the gross . 
 ( is a best trailer category at the oscars that far-fetched , after all ? ) 
the film's secret is ho-hum at best , and anyone who has watched the trailer and is aware of the law of economy of characters can figure out who the top conspirator is . 
the steadicam opening scene does a good job of introducing the cage character and is a virtuoso technical job by both the director and the actor . 
there is a split-screen chase scene that looks pretty good , and it's followed by a god's eye view of a bank of hotel rooms that's imaginitively done . 
placing plot holes to one side for a moment , snake eyes features easily the worst boxing match in cinema history ( george foreman is in better shape than the movie boxers ) , a hurricane that exists for no other reason than to punctuate significant plotlines with portentuous thunderclaps , and perhaps the worst , most overly drawn out ending in years . 
the audience deserves better -- but no refund , no re-admit pass , no free popcorn coupon , can ever restore to us the time we've spent or wash the awful images from our mind . 
when all of these bright stars come together , one would assume that the movie will have great potential to be entertaining . 
we have all seen ben affleck have some fun on the set , it is so apparent in a number of scenes in good will hunting when he exchanges jokes with his friends at a bar . 
the story follows a man , rudy ( ben affleck ) , who is leaving prison in a few days along with his best friend and cellmate nick ( james frain ) . 
nick has been exchanging love letters with a beautiful woman , ashley ( charlize theron ) , and cannot wait to leave prison and meet her in person . 
 " a bug's life , " is the second animated insect film in the last two months , and i hoped for the best , considering it was done in the wonderful style of pixar's last film , 1995's " toy story , " but in no way does , " a bug's life , " even remotely match up to that . 
with its glorious , bright colors , the computer-generated animation is a spectacle to look at . 
maybe this has just been a bad year for children's films , and hopefully , the upcoming , " the prince of egypt , " will not be a disappointment . 
 " a bug's life , " goes down as yet another failure for disney , and it is a sad state of affairs when their best film in the last two years has been the minor jonathan taylor thomas picture , " i'll be home for christmas . " 
to be fair , " wrongfully accused , " the send-up in question and nielsen's third parody since the last " gun , " isn't quite as excruciatingly humorless as his " dracula : dead and loving it " or " spy hard , " which is a mighty good thing . 
and what does stick sticks well , particularly the jabs at genre conventions like stylized flashbacks and hard-boiled dialogue , what those " naked gun " s ( which proft collaborated on ) did great ; these bits are so on-target that they allow you to remember " wrongfully accused " as an almost-halfway-there spoof instead of a lame-brained failure . 
and unfortunately with man's best friend , we'll be waiting a while longer . 
sheedy plays a nosy reporter whose need for a " good " story provokes her to snoop inside of emax , a poorly guarded million dollar bio-lab that she finds herself effortlessly intruding . 
the movie depends upon it's ability to impress the audience with animal special effects , but all it presents is a dog that can growl , open door handles with his paw , sit , roll over , play dead , and sick . 
the rest of the special effects were so poor , i found them offensive . 
the film attains sub-mediocrity , an unambitious film at best . 
julie , like a good horror heroine , never does up her shirt to the collar , always wears white in the rain , and keeps sexy underwear on in case of a sudden desire to tan . 
these were some of the best films of the twentieth century . 
delayed since the spring , this version stars the irish hunka hunka burning love colin farrell ( the best part of schumacher's tigerland ) as the bad-ass jesse james . 
the biggest disappointment here lies in the acting of colin farrell . 
after a great job in tigerland , farrell walks through this role easier then nicolas cage in gone in 60 seconds . 
- gorilla brought to hong kong by greedy entrepreneur who really abuses the ape before it escapes and tears things up real good . 
these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality . 
the worst thing about it is that it didn't have to be bad . 
it's based on a great book , ``the haunting of hill house , '' by shirley jackson . 
he is the master of the extravagant special effect and the big visual adrenaline rush . 
the effects are truly impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated -- beautiful , mysterious , magical and spooky . 
but this is where the good things end . 
it's nothing more than a special effects-extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn't engage . 
it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window . 
 " haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . 
and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . 
casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . 
best remembered for his understated performance as dr . hannibal lecter in michael mann's forensics thriller , manhunter , scottish character actor brian cox brings something special to every movie he works on . 
big john feels the love that dares not speak its name , but he expresses it through seeking out adolescents and bringing them back to his pad . 
l . i . e . would have worked best as a half-hour short film about howie's ill-advised foray into big john's haven . 
but l . i . e . 's screenplay doesn't always give them the best material . 
the movie is a shoddy cheesefest full of digital eye candy , stapled carelessly onto a flimsy screenplay which somehow manages to leapfrog the great promise of a space opera , instead shooting for the angle of a feel-good science fiction drama more akin to `2001 : a space odyssey' . 
suddenly , a towering formation of rocks and soil - probably best dubbed a `sand tornado' - appears and creates a whirlwind of suction . 
depalma's direction is quite good in these scenes , although the score by ennio morricone is largely inconsistent ( organ music in space ? 
there's a few good , imaginative ideas in the landslide of cheese , a sad realization that causes me to sigh out loud . 
the programming director for the good buy home shopping network , he's going to be fired unless sales increase dramatically . 
they move from antagonism to love somewhere off screen . 
the only other recent challenger to their throne was last fall's promising , if flawed , 20th century fox production " anastasia , " but disney's " hercules , " with its lively cast and colorful palate , had her beat hands-down when it came time to crown 1997's best piece of animation . 
but one must strain through too much of this mess to find the good . 
so a team of scientists and film-makers travel to the amazon to search for a legendary indian tribe . 
whoever did the special effects on this movie may have wanted to go to a zoo first and study some real snakes . 
what the hell has happened to all good american action movies ? 
stallone seems like that one uncle you have who tries to be cool with his members only jacket and izod polo shirt with the collar popped up . 
stallone actually gave an amazing performance and it seemed he had shaken off the past . 
stallone plays frank carter , a vegas bruiser for a loan shark ( played with amazing gusto by the uncredited voice of actor tom sizemore ) . 
the biggest surprise in get carter is that the best job done in the film is by the versatile mickey rourke . 
an amazing method actor in the eighties who fell into drugs , spousal abuse , a boxing career , and an intolerable attitude towards not getting his way , rourke still brings a dangerous sense of purpose to his porn king character . 
get carter has great directing , strong acting by rourke and caine , and energetic car chases that would make william friedkin proud . 
the only thing it lacks - as with most hollywood productions -- is a good script and proper casting . 
it tells the story of two park custodians and the problems they are finding on the path to true love . 
it seems that his family wants to arrange a marriage between him and a nice lebanese woman , yasmin ( laleh pourkarim ) , but he is already in love with lisa ( tuva novotny ) . 
it's best described this way : 
the blues brothers was a wonderful film , a hilarious comedy packed with good music . 
and that family of his , they're too good for words . 
the best word to describe this film is " asinine . " 
no one in the supporting cast -- lily tomlin , david ogden stiers , natasha lyonne ( woody allen's daughter in everyone says i love you ) -- excels . 
director : george lucas cast : liam neeson , ewan mcgregor , natalie portman , jake lloyd , ian mcdiarmid , samuel l . jackson , oliver ford davies , terence stamp , pernilla august , frank oz , ahmed best , kenny baker , anthony daniels screenplay : george lucas producers : rick mccallum runtime : 131 min . 
for me , they calibrated my creativity as a child ; they are masterful , original works of art that mix moving stories with what were astonishing special effects at the time ( and they still hold up pretty darn well ) . 
on the contrary , the star wars trilogy -- and the empire strikes back in particular -- are three items on a very short list of why i love movies . 
 " why is there a special effects shot in nearly every frame of the entire film ? " 
take away the title and the jedi talk and the force , and you're left with what is easily one of the most vacuous special effects movies of all time . 
i looked desperately for a scene in which a character is explored , or a new theme is examined , or a special effects shot isn't used . 
the fact is , george lucas has created what is simultaneously an abysmally bad excuse for a movie and a pretty good showcase for digital effects . 
after picking up jar jar binks ( a completely cgi character , voiced by ahmed best ) , they head to tatooine , where they meet young anakin skywalker ( jake lloyd ) and his mother ( pernilla august ) . 
mcgregor has just a few lines , so anyone hoping to see the engaging young actor in a great performance is urged to look elsewhere . 
also fairly good is portman , and she manages to give a little depth to a character where no depth has been written . 
jar jar binks is one of the most annoying characters i've ever had to endure , but he's more interesting than most of the humans . 
as soon as the relatively-brief segment on tatooine is over , it's back to the mind-numbing special effects and depthless action scenes . 
i've seen many movies that qualify as " special effects extravaganzas , " but the phantom menace is the first one i've seen that had me sick of the special effects fifteen minutes into the movie . 
can't we have one stinking scene that isn't bursting at the seems with a special effects shot ? 
mine weren't that high ; i simply wanted a film that showed me the roots of the films that i grew up loving , a story that had a few characters and a few great special effects . 
and , although this isn't saying much , blade squad is leaps and bounds better than the last fox network movie i had the displeasure of wasting time on : the insipidly awful generation x ( a huge disappointment considering the comic book's terrific two-year beginning ) . 
in an early scene of the film , for example , the lead good guy and bad guy have a minor confrontation in the streets . 
when the good guy spouts out a bad word , a driver conveniently honks his car's horn off-screen to muffle the word out . 
in the space of two days , i saw shakespeare in love and hurlyburly . 
chazz palminteri is also great as phil , making him an awful person . 
unlike shakespeare in love which is unfailingly politically correct , hurlyburly is a man's world , seen unapologetically through the eyes of men . 
while this can make the film drag a bit , and people sometimes sound like they're quoting textbooks , mostly this is a good thing . 
not all films have to be filled with special effects and sweeping panoramas . 
 " what a great movie , " exclaimed one gent at the urinal , " everything was so true ! " 
simon , once the toast of broadway , has apparently shifted his sights from the great white way to the neighborhood multiplex in branson , missouri . 
lemmon , looking pastier than usual , is fine as the ever- annoying felix , who still punctuates his chronic whining with occasional allergic honks of " phnah ! 
and , in the most serious manner possible , it steals from every good and bad film of the genre , showing you countless familiar scenes , and sporting a cookie-cutter plot that any film of the sci-fi/horror genre could fit with a little trimming . 
but what is so amazing about virus is how poorly the whole thing has been thought out . 
it rips off a lot of good movies that are worth seeing . 
then again , i have seen enough stories which are based upon a similar plot device , with the little mermaid ( both the disney version and the original folktale ) being among them , that i had some high expectations about the possible power such a story of impossible love can hold . 
the plot , for those that couldn't tell from the previews , revolves around the angel seth , played with an almost creepy intensity by nicolas cage , who , in the midst of his angelic duties , falls in love with a heart surgeon named maggie ( meg ryan in her most endearing performance since when harry met sally ) . 
of course , his being an angel prevents him from doing much about his love except appearing at random times to talk to her , watch her buy groceries , only to disappear in the blink of an eye . 
their love must remain unrequited unless seth decides to make the ultimate sacrifice and become human . 
the beautiful camera work , shooting down onto the hectic world of los angeles from the improbable perches of the angels , also gives us a sense of the unique wonder angels feel . 
after all , what's so great about being an angel ? 
partial credit at least should go to jerry goldsmith whose extremely inventive score is one of goldsmith's best if not his best . 
while the first film had a little shooting of guns and what was there seemed a little half- hearted , by the second film , beneath the planet of the apes , there was a good deal more violence and from that point on the series had a lot of violence and chases . 
that could be a good story too , but it is not planet of the apes . 
chambers is good , but if anyone had a chance to best him it would have to be baker . 
some of the best scenes are apes running into battle looking like they have ape posture , but when they start flying through the air the effect is lost . 
it is not that his lines are so good , most are silly jokes . 
he is probably the best thing in the film and conjures up memories of peter ustinov's performance in spartacus . 
there aren't enough great directors and actors to create the number of films necessary . 
at you can have a good time making fun of bad movies . 
robin williams is an amazing actor . 
patch is exactly the character he should be best at , yet even the scene where he and another mental patient are battling fierce imaginary squirrels falls flat . 
shaved-headed children with cancer , an elderly woman whom patch makes laugh , a beautiful woman who can't love because of her abusive history . 
there might as well be giant signs flashing : " feel good now ! " 
 " patch " is a good title for the film . 
worst of all is the final courtroom bit . 
woods plays a particular sort of cool lowlife very well . 
not as bad as thora birch was in dungeons & dragons , but entirely miscast , with bad deliveries , awful sequences and a piss-poor accent that comes and goes . 
tim , please . . . for the love of god , beg your agent to ask the marketplace for some modern day " american roles " for you as a " nice guy " in a romantic comedy or something . 
i was hoping that the movie would be packed with cool stuntwork as promoted in its trailer , but what you see there , are essentially the snippets from the two major ( and cool ) swashbuckling sequences from the film . 
it's the predictable storyline , the cardboard characters , the banal dialogue , the failed attempts at humor , the revolting special effects , the gratuitous nudity ( all female , of course ) , the bad acting , and the bland direction . 
they beckon the names of men as the targets of their love spells . 
abigail seizes on this opportunity to rid herself of her rival for john proctor's love , his wife elizabeth ( joan allen ) , by including her among those accused of witchcraft . 
i on the other hand appreciated the fact that the producers and director knew exactly what they were doing : insulting my intelligence , and brought adequate movie-making skills to the project a movie does not have to be good to be well made , at least in terms of the craft . 
the opening sequences of exploration of mars were very good . 
marg heldenberger , the dna scientist is pleasant and beautiful . 
synopsis : the president of a company wants to test his self-appointed successor , who's psychotic , and thinks it's a great idea to spend a week with him and their wives in an isolated cabin a hundred miles from civilization with no dependable transportation or means of communication after a heavy snowfall . 
strike one was the fact that someone had scrawled the word garbage on the videotape's sticker in black marker ( not typically a good sign when you rent a film ) . 
well , the cheesy films being advertised before tracks of a killer were films that no one has ever heard of starring people no one knows , and they all looked bad ( definately not a good sign ) . 
brolin's character , for some inexplicable reason , thinks its a great idea to spend some time in a cabin , practically isolated , with lebrock and larson , whom he's decided to test for the week before giving him full control of his company . 
the best of these movies combine a sense of style and flash with significant substance . 
_the last samurai_ is one of those movies that is neither bad enough nor good enough to be enjoyable . 
i paid $3 for this film , from the discount rack at best buy , and halfway suspect i overpaid for it . 
having been produced by the same guys who made " mary , " " irene " seems like an even bigger disappointment . 
 ( think charlie and irene will fall in love ? 
it's a great showcase of flexibility and split-second role-shifting , but none of it is terribly funny . 
but i don't believe it -- good filmmakers find ways of surprising their audiences even after people have grown attuned to their style . 
if the farrellys are indeed good , smart filmmakers ( and i still think they are ) , they'll rebound just fine . 
judging by the beginning , end , and a huge chunk of the middle , i might have been watching a special hallmark presentation too . 
after a great opening , in which an american spaceship , plus the city of new york , are completely destroyed by a comet shower , nasa detects the said asteroid and go into a frenzy . 
they hire the world's best oil driller ( bruce willis ) , and send him and his crew up into space to fix our globel problem . 
 " i love it ! 
both actresses fare better than neeson , who looks embarrassed to be a part of this ensemble ( and for good reason ) , and his character is the most bland . 
up to that point , all of jimmie's prior girlfriends had turned down his " business proposition " which i felt was good . 
it contains the film in both full frame and in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , cast and crew info , and special dvd-rom features . 
so that was bad enough to be cut , but the other 30 minutes of bride shenanigans was good ? 
the truly awful lines written for them help this humor along . 
in between drags off his cigarette , for instance , in one of the movie's best scenes , david tries to explain to his lawyer what a creep his ex-wife is . 
if you do , you may want to watch it , groan at the bad punchlines and stupid plot , and feel good that you didn't spend money renting it . 
the best performance in the film is given by mike myers as the perpetually high , sexually ambivlaent , very new york steve rubell . 
hayek's wanna-be singer seems extremely forced and her husband , greg ( meyer ) stands in as shane o'shae's surrogate best friend . 
the film never leads to anything , has no obserable point , and covers up a lack of real plot with a veil of beautiful people . 
rarely have i seen a film as excruciatingly annoying as the winner , a would-be comedy which quickly proves to be tedious , unfunny , and unengaging . 
it is a shame , as the winner features a talented cast - mr . d'onofrio is an underrated and gifted actor with a huge range ; mr . lindo has a remarkable screen presence which infiltrates every film in which he appears ; mr . madsen , ms . demornay , and mr . whaley have all done good work in the past . 
summer catch also makes an abortive stab at another half a dozen subplots -- the jealousy of fellow townie and brazen slut dee dee ( brittany murphy ) , the alienation felt by ryan's non-baseball playing best friend ( gabriel mann ) , or the fat chick fetish of fellow player miles ( marc blucas ) . 
worst of these is a ludicrous bit involving that '70s show's wilmer valderrama and beverly d'angelo , both of whom appear in the film simply to provide a nutty mrs . robinson-like substory and to remind you of how much better done that was in bull durham . 
the worst part is the amateurish script ( co-written by an arli$$ writing alumnus and a guy that starred in leprechaun 3 ) , chock-full of phony emotion . 
ryan's stoner best friend is on hand to give the go-get-'em-tiger-we're-behind-you talk . 
either way , good luck , jessica . 
after all , the producer behind the project was steven spielberg and , if anything else , at least the special effects would be good . 
fred flinstone ( john goodman ) works in the quarry , and one day he helps his best friend and neighbour barney rubble ( rick moranis ) and his wife betty ( rosie o'donnell ) to adopt a baby . 
after great hype , movie quickly sank into oblivion and the fans of the show returned to the animated version . 
critique : despite this film's interesting premise and dark subject matter , this movie sucks because it is unfunny , boring , and presents us with one of tom everett scott's worst acting performances . 
the actor who played scott cooper in this film , mark-paul gosselaar , is best known for having played the character of zack morris on tv's " saved by the bell " . 
a great cast of respected supporting actors . 
however , " mystery men " proved to be one of the great disappointments of 1999 . 
they had been used a number of times before in previous films , the best ones , which were mediocre to begin with , were ruined in the trailer , and the expectation of laughing at clever , unique gags from clever unique comedians when there were none to laugh at greatly damaged the film . 
the fact is these pathetic losers are not needed because their city already has a successful superhero , captain amazing , who has recently captured every evil-doer in the city . 
captain amazing ( played terribly by an uninspired greg kinnear ) , because of his success in the past , is worried that he will lose popularity . 
after freeing one of the most notorious bad guys in the city ( geoffrey rush , overacting just a bit too much ) to keep himself busy , things get out of hand when captain amazing is captured . 
right when it was beginning to become slightly funny seeing these actors get humiliated at an old folk's home by some masked goons , captain amazing comes in and saves the day ? or ruins the movie . 
what follows is the story of a president's bid to think for the good of his people , a rising reporter , the love story of two teenagers ( one of whom discovered the comet ) , and a team of astronauts on the ship `messiah' to save the world . 
firstly , there is nothing outstandingly inferior about the making of the film ( nor is there anything outstandingly good about it ) , but the plot holes make the film corny and stupid . 
she's still making good money though . 
the movie is a big disappointment , and yet it's somewhat easy to see what motivated such big names to attach themselves to it -- the premise is both promising and intriguing . 
connor tries his best to convince mccabe to go along with the surgery ; he's at first reluctant , but reconsiders after he realizes he can plan his escape at the hospital . 
there are countless scenes where the good guys catch up to keaton only to have him grab a hostage and get away . 
there is some good to be found amongst this mess , particularly in the acting department . 
this cast does its best to camouflage the sorry plot as it chugs towards an inevitably happy ending , but most is lost . 
it sounds like a great plot , the actors are first grade , and the supporting cast is good aswell , and stallone is attempting to deliver a good performance . 
in fact , the only thing that does keep the film going is kietal and de niro , both delivering their usual good performances . 
however , stallone , although not given much to say , gives a good performance . 
theres also a very good ending , which uses the cinemas sound system well . 
in fact , the last 10 minutes of this 2 hour film are one of the best endings of 1997 . 
if only the rest of the film was as good as the ending . 
when you consider that this film is a part-comedy , that's not a very good sign . 
and when you consider that the first hour of the film was boring and a little slow , the story-line tired , reminiscent of swiss cheese and uninvolving , and the special effects interesting but worth very little inside a plot filled with lame one-liners , weak characterizations and an anti-climactic end , you pretty much have the gist of my impression of this " big " summer blockbuster . 
could it be that most of the special effects don't show up until the last half hour , and even then , we don't see anything that its trailers hadn't already given away ? 
smith and kline were static at best , the plot full of holes , and the score insignificant and derivative of a dozen others . 
lawrence kasdan is a director known to have worked with kevin on five of his movies , including the big chill , silverado , i love you to death , grand canyon and french kiss . 
later it's the turn of joaquin phoenix ( who's quite good and by far the film's most interesting character as adult bookstore flunky max california ) to cover his face as the horrid thing is screened over and over again . 
needless to say , no one believes the good doctor about his discovery , so he must join up with the renegade french secret service agents and find the monster's nesting site and destroy the eggs before the mayor starts letting the populous back into the city ( even though the monster isn't dead yet ) . 
the characters , in the midst of the onslaught , have time to stop and discuss the lack of good coffee , failed relationships , career choices . 
a good comparison would be to make a superman film and eliminate his ability to fly . 
if you've seen the trailers , you've seen the best parts . 
carrie genzel plays paris , the vr lover , but ami dolenz , as the current love interest , seems like a much more interesting and attractive character with a caring personality , which doesn't lend credence to the film's premise . 
this turkey , ultimately , isn't awful , but it's not particularly interesting or unique either . 
max , chicago's biggest playboy , decides to get married after a whirlwind love affair with sam , short for samantha . 
the implausible plot has max asking his best friend , jay ( jason lee ) , to hit on sam as a test . 
the idea of flirting with the beautiful sam makes jay so sick that he becomes unable to eat or work . 
it also served as a good showcase for him when he co-starred , opposite the late chris farley , in tommy boy and black sheep . 
he plays dylan ramsey , the sweet main character , to the best of his abilities . 
the story revolves around dylan's obsessions with his beautiful new neighbour , lila dubois ( sophie marceau , from braveheart ) , and her terrier named jack . 
dylan believes that the best way to a woman's heart is through her dog . 
there are three good things about lost and found . 
also in this unusual blend is ( apparently ) a sweet-natured love story between dylan and lila . 
patrick bruel plays the stock character of rene , the pompous jerk who also wants to win lila over , with his good looks and money . 
meanwhile , macleane falls in love with rebecca infuriating the businesslike plunkett , who doesn't want his plans to be foiled by his partner's mindless romantic travails . 
the love affair between macleane and rebecca is no different , emotionless and unrealistic . 
such was the case with boxing helena , 1993 directorial debut of jennifer chambers lynch , daughter of the great david lynch . 
the movie protagonist is nick cavanaugh ( played by julian sands ) , talented surgeon who is getting obsessed by helena ( sherilyn fenn ) , beautiful woman who ditched him after brief affair . 
despite rather bizarre subject , the style of this film is conventional and setting is light , characters are beautiful - but the result at the end is quite sterile and the film in the end looks too artificial for dark sexual fantasy it was supposed to portray . 
the actors aren't good either . 
julian sands is terribly miscast as emotionally disturbed man - this actors is best either when he plays charismatic protagonists or villains ; being neurotic doesn't suit him . 
the screenplay , on the other hand , is awful , at least for someone who had made best-seller with laura palmer's diary - the events in this movie are implausible , characters come and go without purpose and many unnecessary subplots only slow down the film and add to the total confusion . 
he's feeling somewhat dissatisfied with his relationship with his live-in love , mary ( catherine keener ) , who holds some subconscious hostility toward the male gender . 
that's a question best posed to writer-director dicillo , who doesn't appear to have the slightest clue himself . 
an attempt at a love triangle , conveyed by ari and the human daena ( estella warren , " driven " ) giving each other 'back off' looks over leo , fails because he never develops a relationship with either of them . 
the best tales of the genre deal with mankind's struggle for survival or knowledge . 
so much time is giving to establishing the lead characters in the film , but to no good use . 
the good news is that the film is absolutely sumptuous to look at . 
scenes in the rescue ship , with its rotating centrifuge , are just amazing in their execution . 
but it's the comic strip denouncement that ruin what might have been a fine return to good adventurous , thought provoking science fiction . 
not only does his new wife turn out to be the beautiful julia ( jolie ) , she also harbours a secret past of dubious merit . 
it's a very good setup that promises more chills to come . 
after the fine first scene , the movie degenerates into a monotonous series of those annoying you-thought-it-was-the-killer-but-was-just- someone-else scares . 
at its best , the acting can barely be called " adequate " and the script could've definitely used a rewrite or two . 
besides the first part , there is also another good scene , a prolonged cat and mouse chase inside a radio station . 
after seeing it , i think the words in my recent " antz " review , in which i stated that it was the worst film of its type since 1995's " the pebble and the penguin , " were a bit premature . 
 " the rugrats movie , " is bottom-of-the-barrel children's fare at its worst , and starts to make , " antz " look good in comparison . 
if anything is even marginally good in the picture , it is the bright animation style , so it is especially unfortunate that it wasn't to service a more quality film . 
i am all for a worthwhile family movie , but sometimes an animated film comes along that is simply awful . 
as for me , " the rugrats movie , " is not the worst of the year , nor is it the most deeply hated , but it is the most boring . 
that is a picture that contains a great deal of magic and wonder , two things of which , " the rugrats movie , " is completely missing . 
i suppose this kind of movie was inevitable ; with all the teen high-school angst movies coming out , there was certainly room for a pretentious and laughable movie about a bunch of teenagers who think they're smarter and more beautiful than all the other people on earth combined . 
dangerous liaisons is a great movie because the characters are all believable , and because of its masterful acting . 
witherspoon has a truly beautiful face , but her character isn't the moral staple she's supposed to be : sure , she won't have sex until she's in love ( is this really a * moral * issue ? ) , but she does some things in the last few scenes that are more than a little reprehensible . 
kumble has drained all the interesting aspects from this character , leaving us with a sex-crazed lunatic who is supposed to be sympathetic because he falls in love with a moral flower and shuns the wicked bitch . 
it can't even work under the pretense of " meaningful love scene , " because we hate the characters . 
i'll give cruel intentions credit for realizing its influences , but that doesn't change the fact that it's awful . 
his maxim might be easily applied to writing a comedy script , for quantity over quality is one of the worst mistakes an amateur scribe can make . 
other evidence of office space's failure to work are its lack of good jokes . 
the comedy is marginally funny at best , but not enough to get a packed house of theater-goers to laugh out loud . 
the best thing -- in fact , the only good thing -- i can say about dark city is that it made me want to go see l . a . confidential again . 
all well and good , right ? 
jennifer connelly , playing sewell's love interest , is given two all-too-brief moments on screen as a lounge singer -- and turns in the sexiest performace this side of jessica rabbit . 
the best way i can put it is that it's funky . 
plot : a down-and-out girl moves in with some over-the-top models and falls in love with a goofy-but-loveable guy from across the street . 
one point goes to the russian model girl and that cool accent ( don't ask me why , but it actually turned me on ) . 
you've been warned , good people . 
money train is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . 
then there's this subplot about a maniac who torches token book clerks , * and * a love story , * and * a holdup -- no , two holdups , sorry , easy to lose track in a movie this braindead -- * and * a mob boss who wants his money . 
anyone interested in hearing my ideas for a few good movies can write me and hear my pitch , because god knows i know i can do better . 
we've seen it before in passenger 57 , executive decision , and countless other flicks that are good in there own way . 
movie reviewers have an obligation to see the good , the bad , and the despicable . 
we need to be warned about some truly awful films , too . 
far too annoying far too often . 
some people claim that the story is based on the legendary " all about eve " of all things ! 
he'd be a good screenwriter . 
the same team who created a good sex-film in 1992 ( " basic instinct " ) struck out here with their occasional violence , gratuitous x-rated sex scenes , and numerous ( and quite unnecessary ) lesbian overtones . 
she is not a good person and they take over two hours to explain that the audience should think that she is . 
that picture was weird , but some critics claim it's one of the best movies of the '80s . 
now ol' kyle can say that he acted in one of the worst of the '90s , too . 
berkley may have a future in hollywood because she can dance and she has a great body . 
well , at least , they're not selfish and contemptable like good ol' slutty nomi malone . 
with pierce brosnan in his third and reportedly last go-round as james bond 007 , " the world is not enough " is the best example to date that " 'enough " is enough . 
you get the " talking killer " plot device--you know the scenario : the bad guy has the good guy at his mercy yet waxes poetic just long enough to die of old age . 
so , most of the film deals with the slow realization by robbie that he and julia are in love , and his attempts to stop the wedding . 
at least last year's my best friend's wedding stirred up the standard " keep your true love from marrying someone else " plot by making the rival a nice person . 
he's at his best in the film when his nice guy persona fades a little ( such as when he has a breakdown on stage during a wedding reception ) . 
buscemi's role as a drunken best man simply fails to be humorous . 
lovitz , on the other hand , as a rival wedding singer , makes you long for his good old days on saturday night live , where he was actually funny . 
the one good tomato in grocery ( by virtue of a miracle ) " must have fallen off the truck to toronto . " 
that you get your best sex on the net ? 
a darn good one , but still an 80 minute-long idea . 
mousy barbara metamorphoses into a vamp over her cordless , everyone shares the excitement of denise's delivery through a conference call to her handphone , and barbara's best friend gale is killed in a car accident while taling animatedly into another friend's answering machine . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
thinking of coming home to find alicia naked in the bathtub ( she has it all covered up , the little tease ) , and , worst of all , lee garlington dreaming of that hunk , george segal . 
i mean , there's a reason they put these kinds of films on late at night : they're just as good as sleeping pills . 
unfortunately , robin hood : men in tights has none of the easy going humor of blazing saddles , none of the fun acting of young frankenstein , is devoid of the charm of spaceballs , and is even lacking the good , solid dialogue of history of the world . 
it is , in short , one of the worst movies i have seen mel brooks , or anybody else , produce . 
this is not surprising in and of itself , and could have been used to great comic effect , mainly by parodying scenes from the orginal movie . 
he also tries for the love of maid marian and attempts to overthrow the evil " sheriff of rottingham " . 
a good adventure plot that is sadly unused . 
neither actor has any good words to work with , and the lines simply aren't funny , nor believable . 
perhaps the worst example of this is when the group of merry men encounter a man playing a macaulay culkin clone from the hit movie home alone . 
but just as she reaches the halfway mark of her final semester at prestigious university's film program -- where each year's best thesis production takes the coveted hitchcock prize , a virtual one-way ticket to hollywood success -- she has a chance encounter with campus security guard reese ( loretta devine ) , whose tale of a series of murders based on urban legends at another university inspires amy to try her hand at a fictional thriller organized along similar lines . 
however , director john ottman manages to make " urban legends : final cut " into one of the worst achievements of this godforsaken genre . 
jennifer morrison ( " stir of echoes " ) is all right , and the other actors' best achievement is keeping a straight face when pronouncing the words from the script . 
i can only think of a couple examples of tv going to the big screen effectively , the best known of those would have to be star trek . 
`praise' for the film : in `ready to rumble' , i have discovered something even more annoying than arquette's `at&t' television commercials . 
after they ricochet off his face , he says , " not a good start . " 
i suppose this isn't so bad , since chan's action is really the best part of the movie , and the only reason you go to see one of his films anyway . 
if you've never seen a jackie chan movie , don't expect a great plot , but do expect to be entertained by his moves . 
they are so well choreographed and often so amazing that you wonder if this guy is human . 
carol cheng has apparently won best actress honors at the hong kong movie awards in the past , but since operation condor is a dubbed movie it kind of takes all bets off . 
just awful . 
strangelove ( or how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb ) . 
the first species was a moderately-successful science fiction yarn that diverted audiences with some nifty special effects , a few well- paced action sequences , and frequent views of model-turned-actress natasha henstridge sans clothing . 
the only thing that distinguishes species 2 is how awful it is . 
i would love to know who used with that adjective for this movie , because he ( or she ) has a peculiar notion of eroticism . 
i'm not sure what the budget for species 2 was , but a significant portion of it must have gone into paying handsome salaries to several recognizable actors ( as opposed to being diverted into the special effects ) . 
meanwhile , justin lazard's performance as patrick is so flat that he makes natasha henstridge's limited abilities look good by comparison . 
complete with cheesy special effects , bare breasts around every narrative corner , and dialogue capable of producing howls of laughter , species 2 has been dumped into the marketplace without advance screenings for critics . 
the most annoying plot facet is the reason that the whole of the movie comes to be : todd fails to show physical superiority against caine - in fact , not even todd and two of his companions can best the baddie - but near the end of the movie he shows remarkable prowess with automatic weaponry . 
the best route through this disaster is to take it lighthearted in spirit , and treat it as a parody of typical action fare , like universal soldier . 
 " mystery science theater 3000 " has skewered the bad films of the past , but let me tell you , it could do a number on the " good " ones too . 
however , his latest creation , in praise of love , is possibly the most exasperating film experience of the year . 
the abstract concept on which the film is based had merit , to dissect love into the following four categories : meeting , physical passion , quarrels , and reconciliation . 
the black and white footage used for the first half of the film is starkly beautiful . 
the concept is " leviathan " meets " titanic , " with a dash of " speed 2 " thrown in for good ( or is that bad ? ) 
an interesting supporting cast is thoroughly wasted ; pretty famke janssen , best known as " goldeneye " 's killer thighs , is trapped in a forced romantic interest with williams , while kevin j . o'connor , as finnegan's mechanic , provides comic relief with screechy manic shtick that gets old fast . 
it's a beautiful piece of work , remarkably detailed and quite convincing . 
why is the sarcastic voice of steve buscemi , he of the great twisted face and snaggleteeth , coming out of the mouth of some dreary ken doll ? 
more to the point , who decided a full-length computer animated movie featuring " hyperreal " ( their term , not mine ) humanoids was a good idea ? 
anyway . willem dafoe ( very good but completely wasted ) also stars as the lawyer who is doomed to run afoul of madonna's sexuality . 
greg focker ( played by ben stiller ) has been dating and in love with pam byrnes ( teri polo ) for ten months and is now ready to propose to her . 
but her character has a basic conflict between a basic decency and her love for her husband and the script should have given her more to do with that . 
at this point in the movie , of course , morality comes into play , particularly on goldblum , who suddenly feels he can market the magical g into megabucks to get in good with his boss ( robert loggia ) . 
it is not good cinema , not good storytelling , and not even stupid fun : it's so cynically , calculatedly bone-headed that even the least demanding members of the audience i was with were alternately bored and revulsed . 
it's one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time . 
one of the subplots concerns a woman pilot who's great at getting out of tight situations , and does it again and again and again . 
the very worst feature of the movie is its repulsive quasi-fascist flavor . 
there is some action in this film , but it's directed in such an annoying way , it's just infuriating to watch . 
sorvino is o . k , although she's not very good at conveying terror , or anything emotion really . 
their reasonable good fun , however . 
mimic , then , may fail with it's story , pacing and characters , but the film does look good . 
it may be a bit too gloomy for it's own good , but the sets look nice , and parts of the film are directed well . 
but looks aren't good enough to save mimic from the depths of mediocre , somewhere where it shouldn't really belong . 
a good opportunity , then , wasted . 
he's a good hitman , apparently , although his tactics seem a bit rambunctious ( he doesn't snipe or make clean kills--he just kicks the door down and shoots everything ) . 
melvin is also very good at breakdancing , and uses this talent to avoid bullets and knives . 
the acting is kind of fun , though--wahlberg is a good actor , and his innocuous presence in this film is charming in a silly sort of way . 
when one of them charges , it's nothing a good forward punt couldn't take care of . 
similarly shaky , the acting ranges from screeching camp to boring bland , the effects aren't that special and the story is one big groaner . 
like all those films prefixed by the very possessive " john carpenter's , " " ghosts of mars " is an unashamed b-movie punctuated by a b-movie plot , b-movie actors , and b-movie special effects . 
in the second category we have ms . henstridge , her blonde hair pulled back tightly and awkwardly into a ponytail , ice cube ( as the appropriately-named " desolation " ) , pam grier ( briefly , oddly--who wanted to work with whom i wonder ? ) , and a host of extras all assuming that the story and special effects were going to carry this film and therefore they didn't need to try too hard . 
state-of-the-art special effects have never been a carpenter trademark and once again the writer/director ( who seems to have no problem finding work , however ) doesn't waste any of the film's budget in that department . 
in the case of twin dragons , however , the tiresome plot-driving scenes fritter away so much of the movie that you almost want to shout ( at the risk of demeaning the artistic value of cinema ) , " get to the good part already ! " 
the twins' love interests , demure club-singer barbara ( chan-film regular maggie cheung ) and lusty bride-hopeful tammy ( nina li chi ) , get disoriented in all the brouhaha , yet strangely seem not to mind that they are not sure which brother they are in love with . 
some of the gags are so carefully innocuous they're annoying . 
it's all good fun , but too little too late . 
the script was the worst part . 
they had lots of " great " sight gags like two people trying to go in a door together and therefore bumping shoulders against the door . 
the good news is that we were smart enough to vote with our feet and left . 
buy some tickets and give them to your worst enemies . 
tell them the show is great and smile a lot . 
0 = one of the worst films of this or any year . 
12 year old trevor ( haley joel osmet ) , a disneyfied do gooder who takes care of his alcoholic mother ( helen hunt ) , comes up with the notion to pay it forward ; this entails a person doing one good deed ( call it an uber favor ) for three others , then telling them to do the same for three others and before long we're all living in a frank capra movie . 
so the picture adds grit ( a child molester propositions trevor , a homeless man returns to heroin after being " saved " , a character is knifed while doing a good deed , etc ) though it seems shallow , incorporated into the proceedings because the film itself isn't quite sure if it's ready to buy into its own utopian blather . 
these scenes feel as if they belong in a dopey comedy with feel good aspirations rather than the irritatingly saccharine drama that you'll find yourself trapped in should you not heed my warnings . 
one scene in which a slightly de-glamed helen hunt ( de-glamed here means that not only is she a fashion victim [her look is somewhere between goth queen and trailer park mama] , hunt's hair is also natty and badly bleached ) verbally castigates spacey , feels right out of her as good as it gets oscar clip . 
the usually talented helen hunt is the worst offender . 
but oh how we love bright , articulate , self-sacrificing children who pick adults up by their bootstraps and guide them through life . 
of course the blame can't all be hoisted onto the actors ( though with the exception of the little kid , they probably should have known better ) , instead the brunt of it should be passed on to mimi leder , who directed one of the most thrilling episodes of er , then went on to make two awful genre films in a row . 
 " battlefield earth " is the best comedy of the year . 
the special effects are mediocre . 
here's how much of a disaster this is : " battlefield earth " is already the worst movie of the year , and it's going to take something really , really inept to top it . 
julie james ( jennifer love hewitt ) and ray bronson ( freddie prinze jr . ) are back from the original to star in i still know , reprising their roles in typical fashion . 
they've stacked the deck with two big stars ( val kilmer , michael douglas ) , a bigger production design , beautiful photography ( by academy award winner vilmos zsigmond ) , and a score so overblown that it makes the lion king soundtrack sound like chamber music . 
at his best , he beats hitchcock at his own game ( " blow out , " " carrie , " " body double " ) but this is not his best . 
the screenplay was partly written by robert towne , who wrote the best scenario of the seventies in " chinatown , " but this script is perfunctory at best , and terrrible at worst . 
none of these are even good films . 
remarkably ineffective giant flying robot wasps with machine guns in their belly come from nowhere for no good reason . 
there's one good point where peel is running from one room to another in a house designed by escher . 
she looks good , dresses in all the right fetish outfits but there's no spark . 
there was no screening for critics which may have been a good choice for warner brothers . 
as it stands , ace ventura isn't even good kid's stuff . 
which is ironic , since children are , probably , carrey's best audience . 
amid the butt-jokes and double-takes , the script takes great pains to set-up an elaborate and rather funny " crying game " gag . 
his one great moment in life was writing a film for john wayne , who gave him a giant bullet-shaped trophy . 
so devoted eve stands vigil over her father , who constantly asks for his favorite daughter georgia , while running her own business ( planning special events ) and caring for her son ( jesse james ) . 
in a devastating scene , eve discovers that her mother doesn't love her . 
although leachman is best known for comedies like " young frankenstein " and " the mary tyler moore show , " her performance here reminded me of the considerable dramatic talent she displayed in " the last picture show . " 
it's actually not so bad that dreamworks decided to release the love letter at about the same time as star wars episode i : the phantom menace , because this way less people will have to sit through this dreadful little comedy . 
the plot has been done before -- a mysterious , unaddressed love letter shows up in a small town , causing confusion for everyone who reads it . 
in the past year and a half we've seen them in life is beautiful , you've got mail , this movie , and the upcoming notting hill ) , who finds the letter in between couch cushions in the bookstore . 
after a while , they fall in love ( well , duh ) . 
this is the love letter's damning error . 
capshaw's character is as good as i have seen present in recent romantic comedies , but the people that surround her are all either underwritten or purely one-dimensional . 
because of that , the love letter is awkward and insincere . 
this is not a completely thoughtless film and director peter ho-sun chan does a good job of portraying helen's yearnings and various subtle complexities . 
awful , it also is . 
the love letter is a failure , and an inane failure at that . 
to qualify , you'd have to have a modicum of sophistication , so you'd at least look cool - or suave - when biting into some young damsel's throat . 
they are not even worthy enough to carry those great bloodsuckers' capes . 
consider a driver applying the accelerator with great intensity , unaware that his car is in neutral . 
 ( d ) the special effects are impressive , _but limited_ . 
side note : to give the city a fairy-tale look , george miller crafted a fantastical fantasyland that merges the landmarks of the world's great cities , and yes , it _is_ impressive . 
even the best fairy tales have a bit of the macabre in it , as the brothers grimm have demonstrated . 
further , i cannot explain the deep gnaw at my gut in the many scenes where accidents happen to good people in fantastically elaborate setups . 
rounding out the cast includes swingers' jon favreau , 7-up pitchman orlando jones , gruff owner jack warden , and cast of wacky and unknown actors who do amazing jobs of portraying perfectly stereotyped characters : the drunken welshman , the overweight sumo wrestler , the black convict , the violent cop , and the dumb , dumb cheerleaders . 
this bunch of nobodies try to make something of themselves by taking the team to the season playoffs with unbelievable football plays , gene hackman yelling and asking himself where the hell dennis hopper is , keanu reeves looking for his body double making him look good on the football field , and cheerleaders hired from the local strip club making the girls from coyote ugly look like waitresses from denny's . 
the hero rises from the ashes of failure , the team comes together in unity , the hero falls in love with a conventional love interest , the football games are won with enough schlock value to make the most ignorant of audiences cheer and clap , and the cheerleaders make you want to go home and watch late night movies on cinemax . 
it's also a shame when decent directors with good movies under their belts go to seed and become television and sequel hacks . 
howard deutch , who was behind the camera for two of the best films of '80s - pretty in pink and some kind of wonderful , has since been doing grumpier old men and caroline in the city episodes . 
obviously the problem is that without a good script , any director will fail in the end . 
it tries to be a spy/romance movie , but without any suspense the film just looks like it's an extended commercial for dudes who think they look cool in throwaway sunglasses . 
as for the action scenes , they might look good to those who are converts to violence in their films , but their advertisement for sadistic responses , is nothing short of mindless cartoon violence , which makes it very difficult to sit back and applaud without feeling put off by the gratuitous cruelty seen . 
john woo ( " broken arrow " / " face/off " ) is good at doing car chases , choreographed fights with midair flips and kung-fu kicks , slo-mo shots of two guns blazing , and of fire explosions , but he just can't seem to handle dialogue and suspense . 
the film opens with dizzying speed , perhaps with the hope that a befuddled audience is its best bet for success . 
we enter the world of comic book myths on good and evil . 
woo has run this peeling mask routine into the ground , as it is used so often in this film by both sides , so much so , that it blurs any ethical character differences between good guy or villain . 
next we are in a mountain range in the american southwest , and ethan is on vacation , hanging by his fingertips while climbing and looking cool , when a helicopter with his boss anthony hopkins aboard , delivers via a rocket launcher , a pair of talking sunglasses . 
the love story has been played up in the ads , perhaps hoping to catch people before they recover from titanic-fever . 
one of jaws' great scenes involved the would-be-ahabs drinking and singing songs and telling stories . 
 " mystery men " features greg kinnear as the heavily-sponsored captain amazing and geoffrey rush as his arch nemesis ( singular ) casanova frankenstein . 
a veritable police lineup of hot hollywood talent plays the superhero wannabes of the title , who join forces to get c . amazing out of a tight spot when c . frankenstein puts the screws on champion city . 
the production design is overblown , the special effects are overdone , and the script ( based on bob burden's " dark horse " comic book series ) is overbaked . 
the appealing actors are uniformly good and stiller is even stellar , but they can't begin to save " mystery men " --it's just one big mess . 
well let me be the first to say , and so far in my view it's safe to say : battlefield : earth might be the worst film i have ever seen , yes even worse than " mr . magoo " , " blue in the face " , or " jaws : the revenge " . 
roger christianson whos credits include set direction , and art direction for such great films as " alien " and " star wars " , directs this film with such amateurism , that the film looks and feels and in fact sounds so dumb , that it's quite depressing . 
the sound is terrible , and has the worst surround sound effects i've heard . 
wonder why ? ! ) are invading earth , destined to put an end to those " man-animals " to an end , and destroy earth once and for all , of course we have our typical hero ( played terrible by barry pepper , who was great in a small role in 1999's " the green mile " ) who is destined to go out , and save his planet ! 
everything in this film is imcomprehinsable , from the make-up effects , which by the way aren't good , to the phony looking special effects , everything in this film is faulted . 
in fact i don't remember one part in this entire movie where i was having a good time , or enjoying myself . 
he wore a bizarre get-up and did a lot of yelling in the terminally awful snake eyes , and here he attempts a performance that can relate to someone completely losing their grip on reality . 
although it had enormous potential , the third act of 8mm is a total bust , leaving intrigued audiences in a baffling state of extreme disappointment as the proceedings spiral out of control . 
normally , the worst that i would ever rate a movie would be . 
gregg araki's the doom generation was possibly the very worst film ever made . 
sarah lassez gives the best performance in the film , and kathleen robertson ( formerly of 90210 and now arraki's wife ) and rachel true are talented actresses caught up in this mess . 
overwhelmingly , his worst films are pleasantly diverting at worst and enjoyable at best ( with the notable exception of flubber ) . 
the danger , of course , is that the germans allegedly have informants throughout the ghetto , and rumors about the radio can get out and put jakob in great danger . 
apparently he is afraid that she will be discovered , and goes to great length to make sure of that -- just why the idea frightens him is never made clear . 
the moral of the story is that hope is the best medicine . 
not since good will hunting has he abandoned his signature style to this extent ; this isn't the robin williams we know and love . 
in good will hunting he became a serious actor and won an oscar for it . 
jakob the liar will be compared with last year's life is beautiful because it is being marketed as a " holocaust comedy " . 
a surprisingly calm robert boyd ( christian slater ) , who looks like he was groomed to make nefarious decisions , ponders their dilemma for a few minutes before deciding that the best thing to do is to bury the body in the desert where she'll never be found . 
story opens with a campy kick--willis is treating a patient who abruptly steps out of the window to take the best flying leap since charles durning dove in the hudsucker proxy . 
the good doctor then moves to sunny l . a . , where he rooms with an old college chum ( scott bakula ) , a therapist who's getting death threats from someone in his monday evening group . 
for his troubles as therapy man , willis gets to share some cut-from-nc17 love scenes with the lover's jane march while dodging nails , cars , and rattlesnakes . 
color of night is the worst movie of the year . 
here is a movie misfire so audaciously awful that you can't help but wonder how the actors all kept straight faces while filming . 
acting credits are across-the-board awful . 
or worst offender jane march as a mystery-girl-who's-no-real-mystery ? 
not quite ? this is the plot for double jeopardy , another fugitive copycat without the action , excitement , and good acting that the original had . 
there are other slight differences besides one movie being bad and the other good ; this time tommy lee jones plays a parole officer not a us marshall , clever huh ? 
so when she catches her hot man dancing at a bar with a smart and sexy rival , gabrielle union , she devises her own version of " the rules , " a 10-day " tough love " emotionally punishing plan to get him back . 
unfortunately , writer/director mark brown ( " how to be a player " ) breaks the cardinal rule of romantic comedy : you have to like the protagonist - and shrill , self-congratulatory shante smith is a smirking , superficial , spiteful shrew who doesn't realize that rational rules cannot always be applied to love . 
or , put it this way , if you thought madonna was awful in " shanghai surprise , " mariah carey's worse in this reworking of " a star is born . " 
 " you've got this amazing gift , and you gotta use it , " her roommate says . 
right now , it's tops on my list of the worst of 2001 . 
john's family consists of his wife maureen ( mimi rogers ) , his atypical teenage daughter penny ( lacey chabert ) , his ingenious son will ( jack johnson ) , and his beautiful scientist daughter judy ( heather graham ) . 
want an example of how cool this kid can be ? 
the special effects are crisp , clear , and at least mildly captivating , unlike any of the presences onscreen save it be oldman , who plays his evil character with a great deal of fun and finesse . 
while the special effects are pleasing to the eye , they are nothing you couldn't find in most modern sci-fi films . 
what an awful note to end on , knowing there could be more of this in a year or two . 
the attempt to be family oriented is commendable , but lost in space is lost with the illusion that special effects and the nostalgia of a classic tv series being revisited is enough to satisfy all age groups . 
any movie with a hurdle that large to overcome had better be pretty damn good otherwise . 
if it's a cool monster movie you want , rent the far superior ( and the granddaddy of this genre ) " aliens " . 
synopsis : a mentally unstable man undergoing psychotherapy saves a boy from a potentially fatal accident and then falls in love with the boy's mother , a fledgling restauranteur . 
their proliferation may be due in part to the fact that they're typically inexpensive to produce ( no special effects , no big name stars ) and serve as vehicles to flash nudity ( allowing them to frequent late-night cable television ) . 
if you're in the mood for a good suspense film , though , stake out something else . 
occasionally , between his collection of mistakes and logical irrationalities , screenwriter joe eszterhas ( the creator of some of the worst screenplays in hollywood history ) inserts some lines of deep morality , that sound something like this : " hey , i see you . 
it's great ! 
roland emmerich needs a good horse whipping . 
 " the kid is good ! " he must have said . 
matthew broderick is a good actor , but you'd never give him a chance if godzilla were the only film of his you'd seen . 
but what made me feel even sorrier for him was that his famous name will always be attatched to one of the worst films hollywood has ever produced . 
robbie hart ( adam sandler ) used to want to be a rock and roll star , but in 1985 he's singing at weddings and having a good time . 
when she leaves him waiting at the altar , his tune changes to " love stinks " . 
with change on all fronts accelerating more and more , nostalgia appears to have a great appeal , but don't you think we could have more than 14 years before we yearn for the past . 
arye cross and courteney cox star as a pair of bostonians who meet in a bar , go to the movies , fall in love , move in together , etc . 
well , if you haven't seen when harry met sally or he said , she said , or if you don't watch love & war on television , you might think this is the most inventive film to come along in ages . 
arye cross is the stereotypical single male who falls in love . 
kevin pollack is the stereotypical female-fearing best friend who make a lot of rather sexist and vulgar jokes , most if which weren't very funny . 
couteney cox is the stereotypical career-minded woman who falls in love . 
julie brown is the stereotypical bizarre best friend of said woman . 
so what is good about the movie ? 
surprisingly , julie brown , who i usually find just plain goofy , was the best thing in the film . 
 " america's sweethearts " has an intriguing premise and a great cast , but it isn't nearly as edgy or funny as it should be . 
what lee doesn't know is that kiki is in love with eddie , a fact that could temper her effectiveness . 
when they do deal with journalists , the " it is imperative that you be on your best behavior in front of the reporters " premise is de-clawed . 
all of which underscores how billy crystal and co-writer peter tolan screwed up their own premise : the comedy in " america's sweethearts " is based on barely-in-control people trying to contain themselves in the presence of reporters , except that it doesn't matter because any publicity is good publicity . 
julia roberts , at her best playing the underdog , is utterly charming here , although i could have lived without flashbacks that exist solely as an excuse to show her in a fat suit ( and not a very convincing one , by the way ) . 
seth green is amusing as a toadie , stanley tucci is very good as a ruthless studio head and christopher walken plays the eccentric director with suitable flair , though he has little to work with . 
as a romance , it is at best a minor pleasure . 
such a good cast , such a waste of their efforts . 
not a great twelve months for either of the principals from this movie . 
earlier this year , nora ephron wrote and produced one of the year's least likeable " comedies " called hanging up , featuring a bunch of annoying women ( ironically , lisa kudrow played one in that film as well ) who barely have time to care about anyone but themselves . 
i seemed to be the only person on this planet who somehow appreciated the film , even if it was on a " cheese " factor , as everybody , and i mean everybody else , pretty much classified the movie as one of the worst disasters of all time . 
and not unlike the worst movie of the year so far , beautiful , this film also managed to feature many unsympathetic , idiotic and just plain irritating characters in its cast . 
a cool , calculating roughneck with a certain hip , suave " je ne sais quoi " . 
in this film , he looks like he's trying to be funny , trying to be bad , trying to be good . 
the only real good thing that i could say about this film is that its story was actually half-interesting and never really bored me . 
i looked at the " internet movie database " 's awards section for this film , and found that this was nominated for a golden globe for " best picture ( drama ) . " 
anyone who's seen this film can back me up on this : this is the worst of the " great " disaster films , and that's not really saying a lot for this film . 
the finale with the heston/gardner/bujold love triangle is ended in a basic flip-of-the-coin bit , which brings out a big let-down . 
once again , certain standby plot elements -- the high-level government conspiracy and the maverick law enforcement agent -- are recycled , and not to good effect . 
the story begins with a formulaic sequence in which the tough fbi agent with a heart of gold , art jeffries ( bruce willis ) , is confronted with his own failure . 
along the way , they are helped by the best friend who defies orders to help out his buddy ( chi mcbride ) and the supporting female who may or may not become a love interest ( kim dickens ) . 
as a result , the cold-hearted , sneering government man ( alec baldwin ) decides that simon has to be eliminated -- for the good of the country , of course . 
the film's real star is young miko hughes ( heather langenkamp's son in wes craven's new nightmare ) , who does as good a job as dustin hoffman playing an autistic individual , but is about 50 years younger . 
for those who like action and adventure in the theater , this has not been a good year . 
until then , the best choices ( for bruce willis or any other action hero ) are on video . 
the only--and i mean only--reason to see the 1998 version is for the special effects . 
the film piles on the clich ? s like there's no tomorrow , including the predictable plot ( anthro-zoologists ship gigantic gorilla to l . a . where urban havoc is inevitably wrought ) , predictable villain ( a lithuanian i think i overheard someplace ) , predictable love story ( bill and charlize--surprise ! ) , and predictable denouement ( " 'twas box-office receipts that killed the beast " ) . 
while certainly better than 1978's " king kong lives " ( itself a lousy sequel to a not particularly good remake ) , " mighty joe young " proves how the mighty keep falling . 
spielberg's greatest strength as a director is the polished , formulaic way in which every aspect of the film falls carefully into place to make a perfect story . 
in this way spielberg trivializes the awesome evil of the stories he films . 
there's no denying spielberg came within shouting distance of making a great war movie . 
 ( her single comic moment is also the best shot of the film : she bashfully reveals bare bumcheeks through the peek-a-boo flap of her pyjamas . ) 
in wild wild west he's required to exude eastwood cool and amuse at the same time ( and from frame one ) , a difficult feat i'm not sure any living performer could pull off . 
wild wild west is poorly-paced bombast , full of doa gags ( ted levine shows up as a general who uses a gramophone horn for a hearing aid ; levine played buffalo bill in the silence of the lambs-he's too intense to get an intentional laugh ) , lousy special effects ( the bluescreening is amateurish-foregrounds are never proportionate to the backgrounds ) , and frequent illogic . 
wild wild west's bright spots , such as the cool opening credits sequence , bai ling's all-too-brief appearance as a femme fatale , or the brilliant " his master's voice " joke , are all part of the film's first half , which is more clever and enjoyable , at least , than its second . 
unfortunately , the twilight murders is still routine and formulaic television film , that uses sensationalist real life content in order to cover lack of originality in the script . 
on the other hand , film is steadily directed by dick lowry , and rod steiger does good job potraying gordon kahl . 
however , like the golden child , although blair witch has made a lot of money , it's not very good . 
although a good idea , it's not executed well enough to be a fun , scary cinema experience . 
the movie begins in the prison in northern ireland , where gaerity ( tommy lee jones ) , ira terrorist with the great talent to make lethal explosive devices from almost any material , escapes from prison . 
few people except gaerity know the dove's violent past , when he used to be ira terrorist before becoming sick with violence , betraying gaerity and emigrating to america where he changed the name and started using his experience for good purpose . 
the most annoying element of the film , however , is tommy lee jones in the role of mad bomber . 
for this film , he won the 1999 razzie award for worst new star , tied with joe esterhas from an alan smithee film : burn hollywood burn . 
upon his release , the general is intent on tracking the good doctor down , snatching elvis , and selling the weapon to the highest international bidder . 
this is virtually the same character he played in jerry maguire and as good as it gets . 
at least he's a bit more captivating than ulrich , who has all the film's worst dialogue , but does nothing noticeable to enliven his character . 
the last few productions have been effect laded action adventures that combine both the best and worst of american filmmaking with the same qualities of hong kong films . 
with the one time british colony reverting back to mainland ownership , a lot of hong kong's best talents have crossed the pacific to work on u . s . productions . 
an unsung and under appreciated actor , mr . lindo turns out the films best performance . 
having a career as one of the industry's best cinematographers , bartkiwiak knows how to set up his shots , and " romeo must die " does look good . 
the best things about the film are its fight scenes . 
every fight scene , even though technically adroit and amazing becomes boring as the editing both cuts away from battle at hand and simple follows a set pattern . 
watch the restaurant fight from the film " rush hour " and notice that the context of the fight , while technically amazing is rather flat ( the framing and cut always do not help ) . 
any good moments that this film fails to make are even more destroyed by the story line . 
i'm afraid folks that this is about as good as they get . 
now lets talk about the great special effects for this film . 
it was with great anticipation that i sat down to view braveheart last week as it premiered on american cable . 
what i was in for was a disappointing and overlong film which was anything but the best picture of 1995 . 
the historical spartacus at one point moved from liberating slaves to sacking roman cities ; the film spartacus , like braveheart , has high production values and competent performaces and is dragged down by an awful screenplay . 
so it becomes a question of who knows best , as the ladies fight it out between them , until the predictable sweet ending comes in this yawner . 
adele's dream of greener pastures in beverly hills soon doesn't look that good , as she lands a job in a slum school , has her precious car scratched by the unruly kids , and settles into a job she hates in order to financially survive . 
with the cop's zen wisdom passed onto the daughter , she will survive living in many different addresses in beverly hills until she reaches 17 and then she plans to get way from mom by using her good grades to go to brown university instead of ucla . 
when she learns her cousin benny ( shawn hatosy ) , who happens to be her best friend dies in a traffic accident back in wisconsin , she returns for the funeral and in those reunion scenes it wasn't clearly shown why she wants to stay there , and for that matter , it was never made clear why the mother wants to leave so badly . 
that rule proves more dependable than ever with inspector gadget , an insulting , despicable and , worst of all , expensive piece of trash trying to pass itself off as a viable children's film . 
in the meantime , the evil claw ( rupert everett ) , the man responsible for the murder of the good doctor's father is building a gadget of his own : a carbon copy of our inspector gadget except evil and john brown's worst nemesis . 
in addition to the more complex complaints above , there's also the simple stuff : inspector gadget is boring , formulaic and achingly implausible . 
it's no coincidence that most good children's entertainment these days comes from animation . 
animated features take so long to maker that it becomes a labor of love for the filmmakers and they put care and pride into their work . 
these kinds of films are banged out quicker and a good percentage turn out worthless , sloppy and impersonal . 
looking past the appalling sight of overdone violence , we are left with a movie with a thin plot at best , no strong lead characters , a blatant disregard for physics , and a very obvious naziesque theme . 
nope , they hop out brandishing good old 1997 machine guns , pump action rifles , and tactical nuclear weapons ! 
but then in the second act , the mood of the film abruptly changes and it becomes a story about a love triangle on an idyllic island paradise that evokes visions of " blue lagoon " . 
he travels to the netherworld of bangkok where back alley merchants push their wares upon unsuspecting tourists and scantily clad women brazenly ask if you're looking for a good time . 
this particular plot point is weak at best because there is absolutely no question in my mind that francoise will wind up with richard . 
there's the man vs . nature angle , the love triangle angle , and the utopia-gone-awry angle . 
none of these movies ever handle the subject properly , instead introducing the feeble beauty and the beast copout of having a beautiful woman fall in love with the guy's personality , overlooking his personal appearance . 
none of these movies ever handle the subject properly , instead introducing the feeble beauty and the beast copout of having a beautiful woman fall in love with the guy's personality , overlooking his personal appearance . 
for starters , there's harold faltermeyer's annoying synthesized score , which gets old after four notes . 
there's nothing like a good old car chase to introduce the characters in a movie . 
in a movie with the iq level of an amoeba , even a great actor is going to have trouble looking intelligent--and stallone is no lawrence olivier . 
jack palance appears in tango & cash doing what he does best : playing a sleazy , conniving villain . 
judy greer is undeniably awful as her one dimensional , annoying character , as she overacts every line she has . 
also on the bad side of acting is julie benz , almost falling to the annoying factor that greer delivers . 
mcgowan's role is annoying , but this only adds to the film . 
nothing to grab the viewer's interest is around , and the same , extremely annoying song plays over and over again . 
all in all , a horrible disappointment . 
no matter how good this film may have looked , it fails to deliver . 
critique : an artsy-fartsy musical with great songs and a superb performance by john cameron mitchell , doesn't really come together as a whole , with over-the-top symbolism , incoherence and too much pretension to retain my interest all the whole way through . 
moulin rouge ( 8/10 ) - grease ( 8/10 ) - everyone says i love you ( 5/10 ) - the opposite of sex ( 8/10 ) - dancer in the dark ( 5/10 ) - o brother , where art thou ( 7/10 ) - love's labour's lost ( 8/10 ) 
your influence has to rank as one of the most annoying trends in filmmaking in the last decade , and it shows no sign of abating any time soon . 
perhaps we are expected to see jim as one of those " good kids who falls in with the wrong crowd " that every parent believes his or her troubled child to be ; i saw him simply as part of the bad crowd . 
any good shrink will listen to what his patient has to say no matter the subject because any good shrink will learn a great deal about his patient that way . 
not good old theo . 
director jon turteltaub , who made the delightful john travolta vehicle phenomenon as well as the surprisingly above-par cool runnings decided to make this movie so shamelessly sentimental that , contrary to what this movie's promotion would have you believe , it has much more in common with patch adams than with the silence of the lambs . 
i liked the guy in jerry maguire as well as in as good as it gets but here he fails to project any shred of credibility or real feeling . 
i love animals , and instinct's prominent save the gorillas/live in harmony with nature theme is certainly something i could sympathize with . 
unfortunately , this can get annoying , in the form of johnny depp's ( who plays thompson ) excessive narration . 
from there , one set of stoned adventures after another happens , including one of the few good scenes in which depp , high on acid , watches all the people in the bar around him turn into , literally , lounge lizards . 
the set decoration and costumes are great , and probably deserve an oscar nomination . 
however , as we all know , it's not sets or effects that make a movie , its the characters ; and quite frankly , these characters are no good . 
she is just another special effect in this continuous visual feast . 
all three actors juggle limited screen time , although malkovich is uncharacteristically awful . 
the most amazing thing about the movie is how people so intelligent can talk so much and yet get so little through their thick heads . 
what this movie needed was a good swift kick in the pants . 
 " easely one of the worst films of the year . . " 
all he wants is the girl , that is somehow special . 
so the evil one is forced to seduce the good cop in order to get the valuable information : " you can have your wife and daughter back . . i 
with the aid of his three children , the headstrong teen shelly ( natasha lyonne of everyone says i love you ) , the slightly younger mickey ( gregory smith ) , and the nine-year-old edmund ( carl michael lindner ) , the " shelmikedmu " tribe ( named from the first half of each child's name ) is born , and videos quickly produced in krippendorf's backyard are passed off as stunning documentary footage of the newly found new guinea tribe . 
cut that crap out , add some razor sharp dialogue and witty sociological perceptions and you've got a good start . 
the overall product here is a highly forgettable cup of " average " , with a few laugh-out-loud moments and a great big gap in between them . 
almost sounding like a poor james stewart impressionist , williams is awful in his first starring role . 
while he's not as annoying as other actors who cater to zany , stupid comedy , he's just as unlikeable . 
peter sellers , as inspector clouseau , was so self-assured and confident that when he did something as simple as trip , it was humor at it's best . 
williams , on the other hand , can't garner the pity he needs to make us love him in all his anti-glory . 
the amazing thing is that even in a theater packed with little kids , laughter was something rarely heard - even from the children ! 
five years after this movie hit theaters , hanks , ryan and ephron would team up again in the far better , although still sub-par romantic comedy you've got mail , which is about people who hate each other in real life falling in love on the internet . 
co-star of the upcoming lord of the rings trilogy , blanchett has a good seven inches on ricci , sports twice the makeup and dons a flashy wardrobe . 
the almost constant lack of flow and one-note tone with which potter depicts the man who cried are somewhat improved upon by sacha vierny's beautiful cinematography that renders the film's various locations wonderfully . 
it had a good experienced cast who deserved more to work with . 
the law firm's employees get a good chuckle . 
the audience gets a good chuckle . 
the eye is later given an assignment where he encounters a beautiful woman ( ashley judd ) . 
if it was a love story , there was absolutely no emotional pull . 
in fact , the movie often seems deliberately campy , and it almost reaches the threshold of being so bad it's good . 
shakespeare in love is quite possibly the most enjoyable period piece ever made for the silver screen . 
that is , however , not to say it is a good film , a quality production or anything of the sort . 
shakespeare in love is an incredibly cheap illusion that truly pans out to be very little quality or original work . 
however , the young writer has a severe case of writer's block , and blames it on the fact that his love life is struggling as well . 
then , as only hollywood could have it , through a long set of twisted events , he meets viola de lesseps ( gwyneth paltrow ) and falls madly in love , thus curing his writer's block . 
the great scenes that will sweep audiences away are not the scenes that fit in the plot , but rather the recitals of shakespearean lines by actors playing actors . 
one of the most breathtaking moments in this film does not involve the character of shakespeare or queen elizabeth or even the theatre owner , but rather 2 young children named romeo and juliet who chose to end their own lives in the name of love . 
joseph fiennes may just be the worst of fall though . 
you will also find a very good performance by ben affleck in his first real role since good will hunting ( no , armageddon doesn't qualify as real acting . ) . 
when all is said and done , shakespeare in love is only worth the trip if you want to be entertained . 
perhaps this may be best compared to a john grisham novel , as a dear friend of mine often does compare things to his work . 
they're trying to break into the biz , but captain amazing ( greg kinnear ) , the city's hero numero uno , hogs all the action . 
the good captain has his own problems . 
the public craves a major slugfest , so amazing engineers the parole of his one-time arch enemy casanova frankenstein ( geoffrey rush ) . 
frankenstein succeeds beyond expectations ; he captures capt . amazing before setting out on his scheme to destroy the city . 
yet , i must report disappointment . 
the script is probably the worst of 1999 . 
 ( for example , no one can recognize capt . amazing in his secret identity because he's wearing glasses . ) 
the plot is so incomprehensibly done that all i or anyone else can make out of it is that caligula ( disastrously played by the great malcom mcdowell , a performance that does the opposite that his performance in " a clockwork orange " did ) is next in line for the throne but can't wait for the current emporer , tiberius ( peter o' toole - ditto , only for his performance in " lawrence of arabia " ) , his grandfather , to die . . . so he kills him and ascends to the throne . 
oh , isn't it great that they just loved having sex ? 
and wouldn't it be great if i could make a couple bucks by selling this shit off as accuracy even though it's so blatantly real bad porn that i've completely convinced myself that it's not . 
i mean , why not just show a roman orgy when i can spend a good ten minutes examining every single facet that makes it up . 
the camera operation is also the worst i've ever seen in my entire life . 
there is no writer to speak of ( what the hell does it mean that it's " adapted from an original screenplay by gore vidal ? " ) , but nevertheless , the dialogue is shit , so laughably bad that i can't in good faith believe that anyone with an iq over 5 could say them with a straight face ( my favorite being the line when caligula inquires the doctor about the health of the dying tiberius : " he could go at any moment , but with care , he could last a year or so . " ) 
and so on and so on , for over 2 1/2 hours , making " caligula " about as exciting and enriching as a three hour college lecture class and twice as deliriously annoying . 
there's a clear difference between historical accuracy and doing something that's artistically good . 
a film which showed roman decadence as something that was perhaps liberating for some but could not last - that would probably make for a good film . 
there's a film that came out in 1989 called " the cook , the thief , his wife , and her lover , " a magnifcent film by legendary cult director peter greenaway ( also starring helen mirren ) , which deals with graphic sex , heartstopping violence and gore , and even a little cannibalism for good measure . 
there were real characters there in a real situation , and best of all passion and just the right amount of restraint as not to get off on the fact that it's going to be offensive to many . 
that film achieved everything it wanted to do , and has since retained a status as one of those cult films that is not only popular but actualy good . 
unfortunately it doesn't get much more formulaic than one tough cop . 
the renegade has to prove his good name and is trapped between the good guys , the bad guys and some woman who really has nothing to do with the story other than being there for the purpose of providing sex for the hero in the middle of the film . 
aside from being asked to accept michael mcglone as a mafioso ( an insult if you ask me ) the performances were pretty good . 
but even the masterful sidney would not have been able to make one tough cop into a good film . 
the sixth installment in the horrible , worn out series is by far the worst to date . 
let's pray that this is the finale in one of the worst current film series . 
one of the worst horror films in years . 
in order to woo his lady love serina , louie makes friends with a young boy , sammy , who persuades teacher mrs . hammerbottom ( carol burnett ) to allow louie to attend class . 
louie learns to read and write and returns to his flock , but is laughed at once again when no other swans can understand his message of love for serina . 
you can see through a great deal of martha's actions and lies from their conception ; why do people who have known this woman for years longer than we have never figure things out ? 
the late great planet earth is available on dvd from vci home video . 
audio is mono dolby digital , and the video is fair to good for a film like this . 
sure , she is one of the most beautiful creatures on god's green earth ( second only to that movie critic at large guy ) , but when it comes to choosing what movies she stars in , she always strikes out . 
clueless was an annoying , unfunny waste of time . 
and people have e-mailed me too , saying clueless is a good movie and that i'm the only one who doesn't like it . 
i went into the theater expecting to love the movie . 
the preview looked good and of course i'm crazymadinlove with alicia , but the movie was a bunch of bad jokes coming from whiny , unlikable characters . 
when we were walking out of the theater , one guy ( and it wasn't me ) yelled out , " that was the worst f$&#in' movie i've ever seen " and the rest of us had to laugh in agreement . 
what i got was 90 minutes of regret--the worst alicia silverstone movie ever . 
and of course anyone as beautiful as alicia automatically spends their friday nights at home ( at least that movie critic at large guy does ) . 
michael richards leaves his spot as kramer on the infamous seinfeld tv sitcom for a stint as a lanky , goofy best friend to jeff daniels' lawyer character in this ill-fated , and unfunny , " comedy " . 
the movie attempts to weave a couple of love stories through its vision , but unfortunately , they are also lacking in conviction , believability and credibility . 
i wish i could find one good reason for you to see this waste of time , but i can't . 
on the good side , charlize theron is darn cute , and the movie is no longer then 90 minutes . 
only the love between the beautifully structured pocahontas and the dashing captain john smith can prevent a terrible clash . 
captain john smith is a blond hunk who , while " slightly " misguided , is good at heart . 
she even comes complete with insignificant best friend . 
the talking tree , who seems to have a thing for john smith , is the only other character that can hold our interest and is perhaps the best developed of the bunch . 
or how about pocahontas' amazing english speaking ability when this had supposedly been the first time she had seen white men ? 
cool . 
that's cool , too . 
but , ollie , old sage , do not take a good story and a hot cast and make one of the most pointless and worthless films of the decade . 
gotta love 'em . 
sean penn gives a great performance , and jennifer lopez and nick nolte are as on target as they can be , playing over-the-top caricatures of stereotype characters . 
the best thing about the movie is watching penn react to the madness around him and try to figure out exactly what the blankety-blank is going on . 
robert richardson is his usual cinematographer , and rob and ollie know how to shoot a flick -- great camera angles , shifting viewpoints , wicked colors , nice looking pictures . 
the basic story follows three single friends -- jazz ( beyer ) , lena ( randi ingerman ) , and michelle ( paget brewster ) -- in their search for love . 
we men often wonder what women talk about when they are alone in groups , and i imagine this film gives me a pretty good idea . 
while in jail she works out , exercises and basically does her best to get into near perfect condition . 
skipping over to the acting : the fact that judd is more of a looker than an actress ( no offense , she has been good [simon birch] and even very good to great [kiss the girls] at times , in the past and i believe may have the potential to be better . . . 
keep this in mind , if you're in the mood for a good action film -- rent the fugitive . 
a business affair was loosely based on the real-life literary and romantic travails of married authors barbara skelton and cyril connolly , in their celebrated 1950s love triangle . 
what might have sounded good on paper ends up as a largely unfunny , meandering comedy on screen . 
catherine keener , who's appeared in dicillo's previous three films ( including the brilliant " living in oblivion " ) , is at her most annoying in " the real blonde . " 
the best parts of the " the real blonde " are the beginning and the end , brief scenes of an elderly woman losing and then finding her dog . 
coming to their " rescue " is a gang headed by jim , played on autopilot by the great actor morgan freeman . 
along the way , tom picks up a love interest in the person of a crucifix-weapon wielding woman named karen , played in a totally wasted performance by minnie driver . 
the show has a single , but unprintable , good line . 
the best that can be said of the picture is that it is merely stupefyingly awful as opposed to laughably bad . 
we follow many people around , but mostly we trail preston ( ethan embry , of " that thing you do ! " ) , the alienated writer , who's been pining over the homcoming queen , amanda ( the totally overrated jennifer love hewitt ) , for the entirety of high school because he thinks they shared a moment their freshman year over a freaking pop tart . 
now that she's broken up with her football player boyfriend , mike ( peter facinelli ) , he decides to go to the party with a note he's written declaring his " love " for her in the hopes he'll build up the guts to give it to her . . . even 
we can't take this film seriously , nor can we take this as fun , so really what good is it ? 
basically the worst thing about this film , the real reason i'm giving this such a low rating , is because it refuses to give us any fully realized characters and then insists we follow around complete stereotypes from other movies doing things that are inane and unlike anything we'd do . 
these have been the successful ingredients for many good films ( the thing , alien , aliens , and tremors to name a few ) . 
treat williams is a passable hero , and famke janssen does her best julia roberts impersonation . 
think back to the great ( or even just good ) movie monsters . 
or if it does , not a very good one . 
the media have been working overtime to let the public know that john travolta's labor of love is a piece of sci-fi drivel . 
good surprises make movies fun to watch . 
when he overhears her plans to fire him on christmas day , willard is convinced by his best friend rusty ( dave chapelle ) to kidnap crock's beloved dog and hold it for a ransom of one million dollars . 
i'm not just talking about willard and rusty , who were extremely annoying , i'm also talking about the cops in this film . 
if you're a fan of norm macdonald's other chaotic comedy , dirty work , you might actually love this near-sequel . 
dune : the extended version ( 1988 ) runtime : 189 minutes capsule review : a bit of a throw-together assembled by mca tv special projects for cable television . 
what a great idea ! 
special effects whiz carlo rambaldi's giant sandworms are an awesome sight . 
in 1984 lynch stated his intention to release his own special edition " director's cut " of the film on home video , a clear indication of his dissatisfaction with the version that ended up in the theatres . 
in a way , then , it is partly lynch's own fault that what appeared instead was an unauthorised extended version , put together in 1988 by mca tv special projects for airing on cable networks in the usa . 
certainly , looking at the results of mca's handiwork there's at least half a dozen instances that , for sheer technical sloppiness , are good enough reasons for the director to object . 
the scene features baron harkonnen killing a beautiful young man in front of his slobbering henchmen by pulling out his " heart plug " . 
still , as one of this century's great science-fiction novels , some fans and perhaps the late herbert himself would argue that dune deserved a better fate in its transfer to the screen . 
it's about rubin " hurricane " carter ( denzel washington ) , a legendary african american prizefighted who is unjustly convicted of triple homicide with the help of a ghastly ( racist ! ) 
what a waste of a great performer . 
he's an extremely talented actor and i love him dearly , but what is he doing here ? 
this topheavy exercise in violence and special effects unfortunately topples quickly and leaves fans of the comic book , like me , numbed by how much spawn misses the mark . 
i place the blame , in part , on the recent hollywood trend , fueled by public demand apparently , for special effects blow-out movies utilizing the latest computer technology . 
a mercenary by trade , al simmons was nonetheless a warm man in love with the beautiful wanda . 
i ordinarily find leguizamo an intensely annoying presence in films which seems to make him a perfect candidate for the violator . 
a special note should be made about martin sheen as the over-the-top , obnoxious , evil general wynn . 
easily the hammiest performance in the movie , it's hard to imagine how sheen mucked up his role so much ; after all , he played a vietnam assasin brilliantly in the great apocalypse now . 
many other elements conspire with the disappointing script and abundant special effects to drag spawn down . 
for as good a comic book as it is , " spawn " did not spawn a good movie . 
it receives two stars for its technically well-done special effects . 
many other films , though , have equal , if not superior , special effects and are much better . 
sure , utterly unpredictable is good , too , but that's different from utterly nonsensical . 
when there weren't random scares that were there for no other reason than for the visual effect ( which wasn't that good either , trust me ) and the scare , the film was filled with drab , laughable dialogue . 
not to mention downright annoying . 
but no , they opted for the beautiful sunrise ending . 
on the other hand , this is the same woman who made her jaw-droppingly awful feature debut in dino delaurentiis' king kong . 
we are introduced to jackson ( johnathon schaech , last encounter in tom hanks' that thing you do ! ) and helen ( gwyneth paltrow ) , a picture perfect young couple who are very much in love . 
meanwhile , paltrow does her best to get through her dialogue without gaping at the stupidity of some of her lines , and schaech attempts a passable imitation of an inanimate object . 
on the other hand , helen is a good girl . 
viewers invest something in every movie they watch , no matter how good or bad it is . 
most entries into this worn-out , worm-eaten genre aren't especially good . 
it is cornball sitcom stuff , but , at least , it is handled as best it could be by the actors and director . 
of course , he comes across as being so good ( though , he does kill some fish in the aquarium ) , that it is hard to believe he's for real , or just some cardboard shining knight put into the story to give it an ideal to shoot for . 
that we have to see erin go through several dates to prove the point how ego sick these guys are , each one more annoying than the other , culminating in the most obnoxious one of all , that brazilian lover ( jose ) , who is about as charming as a snake-oil salesman , who is actually the one she nearly flies away with for a holiday in brazil , was not only incredulous but downright contrary to the rich presentation of her character that was the heart of the story . 
she figures out what's really going on after getting roughed up by some fbi men and doing an internet search , where all good journalists learn the difference between a mistress and an extinction- level comet . 
the best gags , are , same as with many other similar movies , shown in the trailers . 
it's not that i think exploitation is necessarily a good quality , but when you are talking about a dull turkey like this , the least that could have been done would be to fill it with a lot of mindless sex . 
sound like a good , complete movie ? 
the acting is incredibly reminiscent of fox prime-time soap operas , which no , is not a good thing . 
dillon , who was so charming in his understated role in last year's in & out , gives the best performance , and murray's surprising appearance adds some comedic flare to the film . 
but aside from these two , the rest offer nothing more than some good eye-full's . 
kilmer did a good job , and the cast was left to carry the movie , which they did ( even jim carrey as the riddler and i can't stand jim carrey ) , because schumaccer messed up the direction with his glitzy gotham and his awkward camera angles . 
the cast is still impressive , but here , not only does schumaccer mess up with the direction ( he's one of those directors who's good with actors , terrible with camera angles ) , but writer akiva goldsmith doesn't really give an impressive cast anything to do . 
the cast is impressive : clooney is a surprisingly good wayne/batman , o'donnell is a crafty robin as usual , they could've casted somebody better as batgirl ( my friend likes neve campbell ) , but silverstone is not bad , and thurman is a good poison ivy . 
the best thing about sketch comedy--and the kids are no exception--is the ability to quickly deliver the laughs , then go on to another quick skit . 
one of the best bits , though , does make use of thompsons naked buttocks ; we see him charging into battle--going to have sex with some guys taking a shower . 
there was a time when john carpenter was a great horror director . 
of course , his best film was 1978's masterpiece , " halloween , " but he also made 1980's " the fog , " and 1987's underrated , " prince of darkness . " 
heck , he even made a good film in 1995 , with " in the mouth of madness . " 
james woods can be a good actor , but he has nothing to do here but to say a couple of " pseudo " -clever lines of dialogue . 
plunkett & macleane is an annoying little film that serves little purpose . 
the performances aren't bad : carlyle and miller are typical lads , but liv tyler is a huge disappointment as the love interest . 
although a disappointment in writing , and a minor success in acting , the film certainly look lavish , with good costumes , and wonderful sets . 
plunkett & macleane is a massive disappointment . 
although it's a great idea : update a period drama to the mtv generation : it's execution is awful , and would more likely bore than excite . 
when the two apes present the idea before a judicial counsel ( the head ape being shakespearean actor maurice evans ) , it is received as heresy , for all good monkeys know god " created ape in his image . " 
luckily for us , science-fiction movies have evolved over time to the point at which some of them are actually good . 
this is where the movie has some great potential , then the three travelers get the island and there is a turn for the better , yes folks i said better . 
now up to about two thirds of this movie its actually pretty good , nothing spectacular aside from the cinematography but it still has promise . 
now , i shall move onto something a little better about the movie ( for all you cynics out there the movie did have a few good things about it ) . 
that , however , is what happens when legendary screenwriter william goldman takes a pass at an otherwise brutally predictable conspiracy thriller . 
if only the sordidness were the worst of the general's daughter's problems . 
there is no great demand for another giant ape movie-make that ape movie , period . 
theron ( so good in devil's advocate ) and paxton ( so good in the recent a simple plan ) are fine actors , but not fine enough to transcend the material , a paint-by-numbers script from the hack writers of superman iv and mercury rising . 
 ( as a tyke , joe acts just like e . t . ) rick baker's make-up effects and puppetry are outstanding , the real star of the show-yet , for all its technical flawlessness , the creature remains too grumpy and homicidal to love . 
they come off as what could best be described as romy and michele : the early years in this particular film , a highly dubious distinction at best . 
an excellent idea marred by poor execution , dick could have been a great movie . 
mighty joe young blunders about for nearly twenty minutes before we actually get to see a great big gorilla . 
joe , as a special effect , is an image that might hold your interest for five minutes . 
the words " family entertainment " have never been a stamp of quality , but might joe young is just a silly special effects movie pretending to have a heart . 
this is just one of the many examples of stupidity in mighty joe young , a film that fulfills every stereotype that comes with a special effects film . 
there are too many characters to put your attention to and the worst thing is , the characters are not " prioritized " so when the audience is led to believe that a particular character is important , before they know it , he or she or it perishes . . . . rather 
the special effects too , are really nothing for anyone to shout about . 
this h . g . wells classic really has potential to be a good film . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
great films distinguished by great performances , and a far more eloquent testament to this great woman than frank perry's shrieking piece of tabloid froth . 
fourth ( and , unfortunately , not the final ) installment in the death wish series , will probably remembered as the typical movie of cannon group , production company responsible for some of the worst cinematic trash of the last decade . 
 ( special note to x-philes : mith pilleggi , the actor who plays ad skinner in the x- files , could be seen in a small role of cannery lab foreman ) . 
 " hollow man " features a string of hapless , c-list actors ( among them bacon , elisabeth shue , josh brolin , and kim dickens ) in a grade-z plot with a lot of special effects that , frankly , don't look much better than those used in the 1933 version of " the invisible man . " 
well , as i check my score card for what i've done this holiday weekend , it reads good ideas : 0 and dumb ideas : 1 . 
there's no plot to be found and everything that these two do seem to culminate in an opportunity to execute their trademark move of snapping their heads in unison to the funky beat of haddaway's europop song , what is love . 
easily the best batman yet , clooney's expressive eyes and weary smile gives the character a sense of depth that the script doesn't even hint at . 
as mr . freeze , arnold schwarzenegger gives his worst performance in years , spitting out a stream of lame catch phrases in wooden fashion . 
then , ditch the campiness and , for the love of pete , lose the " event " mentality and make a movie instead of a spectacle next time . 
i have no real tangible proof of this , but i swear that there are a lot of producers in hollywood who adamantly believe that if you take a bad script , written by a bad writer and give the project it to an equally bad director , then it is actually possible to make a good movie . 
using their logic , all that really needs be done to change the bad movie into a good movie is cast a bunch of super-famous actors and provide an almost unlimited production budget . 
with an eighty million dollar budget , you'd think that entrapment would at least feature edge-of-your seat action scenes or breathtaking special f/x . 
i'll tell you why : because it's a great excuse to photograph zeta-jones' posterior as it slides underneath those beams ( and it also allows a second scene of the exact same thing - the rehearsal ) . 
ving rhames also makes an appearance in this movie , and though he has great screen presence ( although so do connery and zeta-jones ) and the most interesting character in the film , not even he can rescue this film from the depths of the boring film abyss ( a concept i invented just to describe this picture ) . 
amy is smoking , and the clerk , an asian man mind you ( i love how racist this film is , i really do ) , tells her to put it out . 
people such as indie actors parker posey and nicky katt , alternative rock stars skinny puppy and perry farrel , hollywood madam heidi fleiss , christopher " peter brady " mcknight , amanda bearse , and margaret cho all grace the screen for a matter of seconds , then disappear so that we can return to the annoying main plot line . 
it's not whining about how awful parents are , and purposely feeling dispondent . 
this is what the characters in this film do , and the film wants to show how they're these great people who are being punished by the world because they're teenagers , and how they try to defend themselves but can't totally overcome them . 
yes , she proved herself talented in " scream , " but she's so bad in " the doom generation " that if i had not seen her in " scream , " i would have christened her one of the worst actresses working in films today . 
his performance is annoying as hell , and granted , he was better in " that thing you do ! " 
i have seen lots of bad actors , but james duval has got to be the worst . 
since this is a century ago , we narrowly dodge a remake of green card , only to find that the girl ( jolie ) faked her photo and is actually beautiful . 
but as soon as boy actually finds girl , instead of following what might have been a promising ( or at least not completely fucking boring ) thriller , the film degenerates into the worst dissection of the virgin/whore complex since milk money . 
add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year . 
what do you get when you rip-off good movies like woody allen's bananas and martin scorsese's after hours ? 
you'd think you'd get the best of both films . 
falling in somewhere between def jam's how to be a player ( which was awful ) and booty call ( which was ok ) , woo is yet another in the embarassing genre of showing african-americans to be nothing more than sexual buffoons . 
there are a few chuckles in the film , the best being the scene swiped directly from bananas . 
a good joke , but a stolen one . 
a good technician can make it look good , but without direction from his own inner artist or someone else , it's going to be just a xerox . 
the face on mars , which turns out to be a giant metal thai buddha head , looks cool . 
the absolutely worst sin is the blatant product placement as dr . pepper , with a 20 foot tall logo , saves the day . 
prince fans might love the soundtrack , but it will probably be distracting , even to die-hard fans . 
i'm not the biggest fan of spike lee , though i'd agree that he has done some very good work in the past . 
he had an interesting idea , a fairly good setup , and seemed to wander aimlessly from there . 
i was ready to be just amazed ; for this to be among farley's best , in spite of david spade's absence . 
the humor is spotty at best , with good moments and laughable one-liners few and far between . 
and the movie tries to be smart , a subject best left alone when it's a farley flick . 
the laughs are few , and far between , and what there are really aren't that great . 
but alessa will have to decide whether she wants love with ben or wealth with her rich suitor . 
there's a good , and timely , story trapped deep within the excess of murder in the first , a new movie about the abuses of our prison system . 
but the worst feeling you get while watching murder in the first is that the man behind the camera could care less about telling a good story . 
if there's anything that has alway distinguished american films over the rest of the world , it is our ability to tell a good story . 
after a quick makeover , fern is transformed into vylette , the beautiful " new girl " at school , and a full-fledged member of the popular crowd . 
in the film , rose mcgowan fares the best . 
 " detestable " is a good word to describe the film , jawbreaker . 
edwards and hunt are accompanied by the kinds of weirdoes we find in road movies ( albeit of the early-19th century variety ) , including a frenchman named guy fontenot who claims to speak hundreds of languages ( none of which prove to be useful ) , a pretty indian maiden who turns into the obligatory love interest , and a bizarre man who suffers a series of debilitating injuries . 
along the way , the intrepid explorers encounter bears , bald eagles , aging native american warriors , and a conquistador named hildago ( kevin dunn ) who raves about his beautiful hair . 
this setup leads to a lot of shouting , a great deal of lunacy , and very few laughs . 
frankly , it's a disappointment to see something this dumb and ugly come from christopher guest , the brilliant comic force behind such films as this is spinal tap , the big picture , and waiting for guffman . 
the special effects , such as they are , are execrable . 
first and foremost : bruce willis is a good sport . 
another plus is the appearance of andie macdowell as a schizophrenic nun and love interest for the title character . 
in a domain that he owns , it is very surprising that this goliath of an action star can not tell a good action script from a bad one . 
or an unforgettable performance in a great guilty pleasure like those in the past ( " commando " , " red sonja " , " true lies " ) ? 
it's an action film's dream come true when the director is given tons of cool stuff to blow up . 
the annoying thing about his character , however , is that he has the power to kill any human with a simple punch in the face , yet he finds it impossible to seriously hurt jericho . 
in a last attempt to make this movie good , special effects are used to try to entertain the audience . 
his performance is a great break away from the gloom , and he's just purely enjoyable to watch . 
but director joel schumacher , the completely wrong guy for the job , puts style over content , and while the direction and look are good , it's just not very disturbing . 
also , the last 20 minutes are so hackneyed , so cliched , it's amazing to think it's the same film you're watching . 
otherwise the catholic priests are shown cool - drinking , smoking and breaking the rool of celibacy . 
set in new mexican dessert , he switches between bright golden sunrises and bloody sundowns , symbolically illustrating the good and the evil through light and darkness . 
more than anything in this film , this simple illustration shows the battle between good and evil . 
music ( composed by john carpenter himself ) is at times effective , the special effects and makeup are likewise worth a notice . 
he is macho and cool as the dedicated hunter , who lost his family to the " breed of evil " . 
if anyone had been able in 1983 to forsee a late-night cable show hosted by gilbert gottfried showcasing some of the worst films of the 80's , they'd agree d . c . cab is the quintessential " usa up all nite " movie . 
it's one of those childish r-rated movies that kids would love but can't see until it's edited for tv . 
and not a particularly good one at that . 
mi2 begins flashily enough , that initial flash leading us to believe that it'll soon give way to something of a plot , but it only gives way to more flash , then digresses further into a presumably unintentional parody of itself with much slo mo posturing and countless action set pieces wherein bad guys seem to deliberately leap into the way of tom cruise's firing gun just so they can die really cool . 
he's cool and dashing , which is precisely the kind of role we want to see cruise in after watching him sleep walk through eyes wide shut ( which might just be the longest episode of red show diaries ever committed to film ) , and blustered his way through magnolia ( quite possibly the most overrated performance of the 90's ) . 
he's cool for sure but he's made to be as empty as the movie . 
my reasoning is simple : i'm not sure of any good it would do . 
the film itself has absolutely no concern with story , only with hurtling forth to the next " special " effect . 
turns out , it's all part of a needless , very puzzling , extremely elaborate and convoluted scheme ( it involves hiring special impersonators ) by two cons in order to fool harry , a hero who barely has the intellectual capacity of a wooden post . 
this farcical kind of character works best in an entertaining naked gun action comedy or dragnet spoof . 
boorman , on the other hand , cannot court such excuses to explain " zardoz " ( or his follow-up film , the equally awful " exorcist ii : the heretic " ) . 
from inside his giant , stone head , zardoz bellows seriously laugh-inducting statements like , " the gun is good . 
once there , the immortals label him a " brutal " and study him like a lab rat , taking great , perverse care in exploring his sexuality , which is a mystery to them . 
he attracted some rich talent on both sides of the camera , including cinematographer geoffrey unsworth ( " 2001 " ) , whose striking visuals are about the only good thing in " zardoz " besides the inadvertent humor . 
travolta is cool , deadly charming and flamboyant as the near-crazy gabriel . 
soon after , he finds himself surrounded by beautiful women , driving a new car and marveling at the $20 , 000 that somehow surfaced in his bank account . 
yeah , dude , pretty good deal eh ? 
the story is stuffed with ridiculous , formulaic plotting that sheepishly overlooks the cool potential of a secret underground society flick . 
mrs . tingle is basically every student's worst nightmare : a heartless human being bent on distributing poor marks to even the most hard-working of her pupils . 
in other words , it's a poor substitute for williamson's best work . 
leigh ann's best friend ( marisa coughlan ) encourages her to use it . 
and the beautiful vivica a . fox has one lifeless scene as a caring guidance counselor , and then williamson disposes of her character entirely . 
mirren is easily the best reason to keep watching . 
basically , kevin williamson is his worst enemy here . 
his uneventful direction prevents any aspects of his screenplay to be appreciated ( not that his writing here is especially good ) . 
the lighting is poor at best , which makes it increasingly difficult to focus on many scenes , and the english subtitles are full of misspelled words , and are often absent presumably on the assumption that the audience will be able to understand some simple portuguese and spanish phrases . 
this translation flaw is best highlighted at the beginning of the film when what seems to be a relevant fight is filled with dialogue , but the subtitles are limited to fewer than 25 words . 
i do not really know whether the hollywood minds are running out of good ideas or just being plain lazy , but the tv-conversion-movies are hitting our screens like wildfire , sad to say , with mixed success . 
though materialistic in mind , bilko's methods has thoughtfully `enriched' the lives of the men of fort baxter , providing them with some form of real recreation within the camp and the people love him for that . 
unless you are a fan of the tv-series or love to watch steve martin in action , you can skip this one when deciding which movie to catch in the local theatres . 
this is jodie foster's first movie since the jaw-droppingly brilliant contact came out more than two years ago and it isn't the best choice to show off her acting chops . 
the cast is great , the director is talented , and the budget is lavish , but this ill-advised remake of the classic rogers and hammerstein movie is unable to utilize any of those things to form a compelling whole . 
james wood portrays jack crow , a man obsessed with killing vampires , whose soul reason for living is based on revenge ( they killed his parents ) , but this is not a good excuse for being more obnoxious than the vampires . 
an awful movie on all counts , my suggestion is to bring back buffy and bury this group of incompetent , rude vampire slayers . 
mcconaughay is awful , especially because he is trying to pull off his usual hollywood charm with a 3 week beard and torn jeans . 
the rest of the cast is very good ; especially martin landau ( as ed's step-father ) , who plays a cute role as the close-to-death old guy that makes all the witty comments . 
jenna elfman is good , ( but a little overemotional ) ; her main problem is that she keeps getting sucked into bad films , i . e . 
it wasn't great or anything and maybe not even necessarily good , but at least it didn't have me glancing at my watch every minute or so like it's sequel did . 
exactly why does the fisherman want to go through all the trouble of faking a radio contest to get julie james ( jennifer love hewitt , one of the only survivors of the first film ) and her new college buddies out to the islands before he hacks them up ? 
oh yeah , i've just been terrorized by a hook wielding sociopath and had some of my best friends gruesomely slaughtered , but hey , i'll crack jokes anyway . 
the film's only saving graces are a few well-executed suspense sequences and a really cool cameo by the " re-animator himself , jeffrey combs . 
he brings some good comic relief and life to an otherwise limp movie . 
the cool atmosphere is still there this time around , but i just didn't like the characters or the writing as much as i did in the first one . 
i think someone in the audience put it best when , after the movie had ended with another " the killer is back ! " 
those films actually dealt with serious teen matters , but remained a great deal funnier , thanks to their bright and truthful writing . 
jack douglas plays a milder version of his excruciatingly annoying on-screen persona and kenneth williams is given a rather mundane part . 
a carry on by the numbers , this movie is only notable for the great performance by sid james in his last carry on movie . 
in 1989 , tim burton took the legendary comic book figure of batman and turned him into a huge box office hit with an atmospheric little film that created an utterly distinct feeling somewhere between film noir and the godfather . 
some critics ( glenn lovell of the san jose mercury news and peter travers of rolling stone ) realized that it was something special ; mr . lovell gave it * * * 1/2 and wrote that " this is batman as batman should be . " ; 
mr . travers called it one of the ten best films of the year . 
the instrumental score , on the other hand , is generally playful ; yahoo uses such classics as the " 1812 overture " and the theme from the good , the bad and the ugly to great comic effect . 
i was at least hoping for a cool ending if nothing else occurred , but once again i was let down . 
a character that could have been simply awful is merely groan-worthy . 
 ( i've never understood the reasoning behind this tactic , since good notices have never been key to the success of movies like the crow . ) 
like all good things here , he's dispatched too soon and without much imagination . 
more than anything i've seen from hollywood lately , city of angels smacks baldly of product -- it's a movie with a lousy script but a great look . 
he's got a good eye , and some intriguing visual ideas -- if anything , this movie has a few too many scenes of ridiculously striking imagery . 
at 84 minutes in length , i thought that i could enjoy a few laughs before getting a good nights sleep . 
i think that i just gave away the best part of the film . 
containing a good cast but awful acting ; an interesting premise but terrible execution , ron shelton ( white men can't jump ) gives us a rocky story with not one rocky but two . 
rocky no . 2 is caesar dominguez ( antonio banderas , the 13th warrior ) , best friend of vince who is currently dating vince's ex-girlfriend , grace . 
tom sizemore ( saving private ryan ) , robert wagner ( austin powers ii : the spy who shagged me ) , and richard masur ( fire down below ) are crooked promoters , lucy liu ( payback ) is a sex-starved hitchhiker looking for a good time , and lolita davidovich ( gods and monsters ) , is the shared girlfriend who can't make her mind up which boxer she prefers . 
and this is why the clips of the crab were annoying ; they weren't just repetitive , they were out of place and unnecessary . 
the plot stumbles along at an uneven speed , sometimes dwelling too long on a particular development ( amanda suddenly becoming a great chef , her falling in love with tom , etc . ) , sometimes moving on too quickly for its own good . 
the humor was good in some places ( nolan gets the funniest bits , including that incomprehensible , totally random thing with the dolls ) . 
business rivals fall in love . 
the annoying , hysterical ex-girlfriends . 
years ago , robin williams made _jumanji_ , a brilliant achievement in special effects , but a travesty on nearly every other level . 
don't get me wrong : i love breathtaking special effects and pulse-pounding imagery . 
_the city of lost children_ is a great film because of its outlandish scenarios . 
i even love _2001_ and _last year at marienbad_ , being in the minority amidst my friends . 
the important question is , is heaven really heaven if you are separated from the one you love ? 
good question . 
and i like good thought-provoking questions . 
i _really_ loathe it when it+s story is no longer run by logic , but by special effects . 
the great aforementioned question is sidetracked into gimmicky subplots that have been done before , and just come out stale . 
so the only things for me to like are sciorra+s effective performance , who rises far above this mundane material , and the special effects . 
it sounds like a joke , but it+s really true : i really tried to block out the dialogue , and figure out what music would best work as an alternative soundtrack . 
it+s pretty good , and they have a song about annie , who commits suicide . 
shouldn+t have to pay $7 . 50 to hear this in an awful robin williams schmaltzfest . ) 
of all the hard-to-believe aspects of the movie , this is the worst . 
the movie might have been redeemed by some good action sequences , but even here " mercury rising " doesn't rise to the challenge . 
the movie was directed by harold becker , who has made some good suspense films including " sea of love " ( 1989 ) and " malice " ( 1993 ) , but his talent is nowhere to be found in this latest excursion . 
tarzan and the lost city , the latest attempt to bring edgar rice burrough's legendary hero to the big screen , is one of the most inept and ill-timed of any tarzan adventure so far . 
the special effects are truly bottom-of-the-barrel ( including some laughably bad men in ape costumes ? apparently , animatronics were too expensive for this production ) . 
the most famous ape man was johnny weismuller , but no less than two dozen other actors have essayed the part ( including gordon scott , who is widely believed to be the best actor to tackle the role ) . 
when paul asks harry why he stayed , he says with grim determination , " cause this town's in trouble and i'm the best man you've got . " 
there are a couple of good things about this movie . 
there are panoramic shots of forests , lakes and mountains that are absolutely beautiful . 
the second is the special effects . 
but when elements which don't speak are going to be the best parts of your movie , you'd probably better rewrite the script . 
they include the predictable love stories , between both a student ( jeremy jordan ) and a teacher ( michael vartan ) , to show that josie is really two people in one body . 
at one point she is alone with an obvious love interest on a ferris wheel , and is expected to him on an adult level , since he is one , her teacher . 
but she never seems to get out of the gray area , and in doing so she makes a mockery out of his otherwise good performance . 
luckily there is one great performance to emerge out of this otherwise bleak film . 
never been kissed is a mediocre film at best . 
when you mention the book great expectations , i immediately begin experiencing flashbacks to junior high english class , where i was confronted with a torturously boring book filled with people with such nonsensical names as pip and magwitch . 
anyway , to return from nostalgia lane , and get back to the present , hollywood , in it's trendy attempt to modernize the classics , now presents an updated film version of great expectations . 
anyway , finn does the convict a good deed , just to show that he's a really swell guy . 
in fact , there is more sexual tension between helen hunt and greg kinnear's gay artist during a similar scene in as good as it gets . 
but such adornments do little to perk up great expectations . 
one day ( and i say " one day " not to be trite , but because that's exactly how it happened - no advance notice ) , a fairy queen gives birth to twins , one good and one evil . 
the twins grow up to be powerful wizards , the good one embracing magic , and the bad one utilizing technology to attempt to expand his evil empire . 
for years , blackwolf has lost his battles against the magical forces of good , since his armies of ogres and other mutants would get dispirited or distracted soon after battle is joined . 
my favorite line was from a sideline fairy who is asked by her child why good can't fight back against the nazi-charged evil . 
we just have love . " 
in the scenes where good fights evil , there's a lot of violence and gore that children should not be seeing if they're watching a cartoon . 
but there are plent of obstacles in the way , including julia's stud-reporter fiance ( christopher reeve ) and a series of stunts which continue to prove that all's fair in love and politics . 
part of the fun of watching sparring in a romantic comedy comes from recognizing the chemistry even before the characters do , but in speechless they already know they're attracted to each other , and we're left with waiting for the campaign to end so they'll admit that they love each other already . 
davis is radiantly beautiful , and keaton is generally entertaining , but these characters are so plastic that nothing that happens to them seems to matter one bit . 
in her scheme , sophie sends oz to chicago to cash in by informing his old mob boss ( kevin pollak ) about jimmy's whereabouts , but in the process , he falls in love with jimmy's wife , cynthia ( natasha henstridge ) , who is being held hostage . 
best of all is natasha henstridge , far more radiant than in the exploitative " species " movies , who adds unanticipated depth and emotion to cynthia . 
finally , rosanna arquette is awful as sophie , but something tells me that was her purpose , and her clear overacting only aids in brightening up her limited screen time . 
a great deal of movies of this type have been made in the past , and this one is nothing but a duplication of better films , so what was the point ? 
i loved the first ace ventura , as well as the mask and dumb and dumber--and even in batman forever ( which was a pretty awful movie ) , carrey was one of the few people to come off looking reasonably good . 
until i saw ace ventura 2 , i had no idea how people could find the guy annoying . 
sadly , ace ventura 2 shows just how irritating and annoying carrey can be . 
those who have been disappointed by carrey's more restrained roles in the films following the first ace ventura may be glad to see him over-acting to the best of his ability , but some may be disappointed by the fact that this sequel doesn't capture the feel of the original . 
in the first movie , he was always cool , and one step ahead of every one else--perfect for carrey's off-the-wall approach . 
unfortunately , this film also suffers from the worst characteristics of this genre . 
not too good for a 'thriller . ' 
with a combination of no tension , drama , or decent characters , a perfect murder is a failure all round , and an incredible disappointment . 
alas , word is filled with little but disappointment , a kooky mix of girl , interrupted and ransom , with michael douglas and company collecting a paycheck to plod through a vapid and dull kidnapping thriller . 
but with hard-nosed detective sandra cassidy ( jennifer esposito , doing her best j . lo impression ) tracking down koster and his gang of hoodlums , the stakes are raised as nathan races against the clock to crack the mystery of elisabeth's head in order to get the goods inside . 
despite its flaws , don't say a word is surprisingly some of the best mainstream film you'll find this month -- and audiences will lap it up . 
americans love lukewarm , half-baked thrillers starring big names and accompanied by cheap thrills . 
dazed , a beautiful brunette ( laura elena harring ) emerges and stumbles down a hill , slipping unobserved into a '30s-style apartment as the tenant leaves for a trip . 
darren ( jason biggs ) , wayne ( steve zahn ) , and j . d . ( jack black ) have been best friends since the fifth grade . 
it's up to wayne and j . d . to rescue their best friend in " saving silverman . " 
the 2001 movie year has yet to provide us with a " good " film to sink our teeth into . 
kick boxing deaths and conflicted nuns are not the makings of a good comedy . 
with the resources of the most cutting edge special effects houses and the clout of one of the nation's premiere movie production companies , one would think emmerich could make a film truly deserving of the name godzilla . 
broderick is usually a good actor , but in this film he's weighed down by an unexciting character and an atrocious screenplay which seem to fight against him every step of the way . 
although emmerich obviously wanted to make a fun action picture , what good is it to sink millions into a cgi creature whose ferocity is undermined by the humans he threatens ? 
it's as if the special effects people just wanted to show that yes , godzilla can do this , just like in the old movie . 
there was probably a good reason that the warner bros . studio chose not to allow critics to view this steven seagal film when it first opened . 
this movie is by far the worst offering that has hit the screen since possibly those ernest movies years ago . 
that's another great epa asset - teaching agents how to fix porches . 
the most annoying moment comes when he barges into the middle of a sunday church ceremony , gets behind the pulpit , and beseeches the townsfolk to take control of their lives and to help clean up the environment . 
 " saving silverman " is a good example of a good comedy gone bad . 
as a love story it is good , however as a comedy it falls flat on it's face . 
the movie doesn't have the oomph to make it a great movie , and doesn't have the script to make it a funny movie . 
wayne lefessier ( steven zahn ) , j . d . mcnugent ( jack black ) , and darren silverman ( jason biggs ) have grown up all their lives together , they have been best friends forever and vow to stay close till the end . 
while in a bar after doing a show with their band , based on their love of neil diamond , darren meets a young woman named judith ( amanda peet ) whom he instantly falls for . 
anyway the performances in the film are good , but it's too bad the script isn't . 
somewhere " saving silverman " was meant to be a good movie , and it could have been , but alas in the end it wasn't . 
dennis dugan's direction is all right , he adds a few directorial touches here and there , nothing special being a simple comedy . 
it has a great cast , a good director and a sweet story . . . it's 
at times , the humor in go is sickly funny , and on a low night , almost watchable ; but for the majority of its running time and for most viewers , this movie will best be left to teens at blockbuster on a saturday night . 
kate and ricky don't get along and don't have any great ideas until they meet g ( eddie murphy ) , a spiritualist who sees something positive in everything . 
his soothing voice and simple logic makes people feel good , and it's this quality that will make g the new gbn television star and the key to the network's success . 
sure , g makes people feel good . 
sure , we're told that most people feel guilty after buying an impulse item , no matter how wealthy they might be , and i'll even believe that g talks a talk that allows people to feel good about what they've bought . 
you might say that people feel good about what they've bought , so they come back and by more , but due to the simple fact that the first round of sales in inexplicable , i'm not convinced this is what the filmmakers had in mind . 
murphy , the one asset you'd think this movie has ( remember how they brought him in at the last minute to save best defense ? 
in all , there are about three jokes that work in the entire picture , and they're not even that great . 
the only thing holy about holy man will surely be the number of people exclaiming " holy ! @#% that movie was awful ! " 
are we supposed to believe that out of all the strange folk who populated the studio nightly , that a character who is a bland ripoff of tony manero would really make a good protagonist for the film about it ? 
perhaps more importantly , " 54 " is part of the blossoming subgenre , " the 70s nostalgia film , " which has been picking up mighty steam , what with " boogie nights " and " the last days of disco " coming out within the year , and both being such damn good movies that not only captured the feel of a certain time period ( the late 70s party and the early 80s wakeup period ) , but brought us interesting and real characters , like scotty , the tragically gay boom mike operator from " boogie nights , " and charlotte , the ironically clueless and bitchy co-protagonist from " the last days of disco , " not to mention several others . 
here's a film that could have been a fascinating 2 hour plus film about the tragic people who went there to party , and had to wakeup in the 80s when things like diseases , economy problems , and perhaps worst of all , reagan , all hit and forced everyone into a rude awakening . 
it's as if he had a great story to tell , but instead opted for the easier route . 
the studio's recreation is amazingly accurate , though , and very impressive , but his direction is never captivating enough . 
in about two hours , we get a glancing examination of ghetto life , a funeral with a heartfelt eulogy , speeches about never giving up , a cache of cute kids ( including a fat one with asthma ) , a hard-luck gambler who finds salvation in a good woman and a climactic " big game , " where the underdogs prove to have a bigger bite than anyone ever imagined . 
one of the glorious surprises in the screenplay by john gatins ( summer catch ) , adapted from daniel coyle's non-fiction book , is that there aren't any . 
the worst of the lot is a tough-talking younger player ( dewayne warren ) whose sole purpose , as the movie unfolds , is being an emotional pawn , a tactic so utterly despicable i can't find the right words to express myself . 
diane lane , who co-stars as reeves' obligatory love interest , remains a glowing screen presence ( see my dog skip for better proof ) . 
i wanted hardball to be good . 
it's just that awful . 
it's worthwhile to compare aberdeen to an earlier film released in 2001 , jonathan nossiter's captivating signs & wonders . 
kramer " ) and creating a decidedly mediocre movie is the stuff of disappointment . 
to fill his time , he does odd jobs for jack and falls in love with catherine . 
the best part of the film is the look at old friends , how their relationships change over the years and the difficult choices they must make . 
science and philosophy , which are used to good effect during sphere's first hour , give way to mindless , confusing action sequences . 
special effects take over as the plotline devolves into incoherent silliness . 
but all that is just in preparation for the ending , which is inexcusably awful . 
this is the time-honored deus ex machina device used to its worst effect . 
dustin hoffman isn't lively or particularly good -- it's ironic that this , which may be his worst work in a decade , has arrived in theaters on the heels of his best actor nomination ( for wag the dog ) . 
it's hard to make a good action-adventure movie that doesn't simply recycle its predecessors , and i've seen movies that even at least did the recycling gracefully . 
a bad girl , a tough good girl , a secret cave hideaway ( which seems inspired more by dr . 
the only thing in the movie worth noting is billy zane -- he's a good actor , and he tries very hard , even when the script is sending him down one dead alley of a scene after another . 
strangelove , or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb . " 
the good news brings hope to the ghetto ; the everyday specter of suicide vanishes . 
some viewers will undoubtedly consider the hero's fanciful stories for a young charge too reminiscent of life is beautiful , but those scenes aren't problematic because they're familiar . 
living in a world of heroin induced highs , they float along until they fall in love with each other . 
masters of the universe was the pinnacle of what i was after for action figures : they combined science fiction and fantasy , had cool names like mekanek and stinkor and each came with its own little comic book to read . 
the story is painfully dull and mind-numbingly cliched ( hands up who * wouldn't * guess he-man and skeletor take their fight into the real world ) and is acted out by either incredibly untalented actors ( dolph lundgren as he-man for one ) or good actors ( james tolkan , meg foster ) given such awful characters and dialogue that they can't help but seem terrible . 
it is extremely clear that someone making the movie wanted it to be as good as star wars . 
one incredible good reason . 
watch it with some friends for a good laugh and celebrate . 
there isn't much good about this movie . 
so i'll get my one good comment out of the way , at least joel schuemacher ( batman & robin ) didn't direct it or it would be titled " technicolor city " . 
the special effects are low budget and some even hilariously fake , a sign of a true " b-movie " . 
and it misses its best possible opportunity for some great farce by ignoring the simple fact that the real big momma is set up as a foul-tempered beast , while malcolm has to be nurturing in order to get the information he wants out of sherry . 
the supporting cast do their best aswell , with rex linn as a doubting sheriff , and the other kidnappers . 
the ending tries to be bleak , but just comes off annoying . 
soon andrew wants to leave the house in pursuit of freedom , destiny and love . 
further more , there are other annoying problems . 
great actors and a talented crew have worked hard to achieve something that will be instantly forgotten . 
swelling , saddening music is not a good way to tell us that the people in the film are unhappy , and that the situation is hopeless . 
his name is max ( gheorghe muresan ) , and sam thinks he'd be a great movie star because of his size . 
max is in love with a woman named lilianna who moved away from romania twenty years before the film begins . 
it has its moments , the best of which features steven seagal making fun of himself . 
in one great scene , sam gets his son on the phone to talk to seagal ; of course , his son doesn't believe that he's actually speaking to seagal , and he goes off about how bad of an actor he is ( i would quote the line i like but it would probably lose its effect ) . 
crystal is always entertaining , and he has a few good lines here ( some of which are subtle throwaways that many will miss entirely ) ; often , however , he's countered by a slew of jokes that aren't funny , and cause an involuntary rolling of the eyes . 
quinlan , on the other hand , is a great actress who needs to get a role that shows off her talents . 
here , the best thing she gets to do is fake a romanian accent . 
as my giant lumbers to its inevitable conclusion , however , director michael lehmann ( who did a great job directing the underrated hudson hawk ) and scriptwriter david seltzer pile on every cliche imaginable , each one intended specifically to pull at our heartstrings . 
later , it turns out the entire story is supposed to be a great big metaphor signifying sam's reunion with his family . 
she seems perfect , and deuce quickly falls in love with her . 
the good news is that sandler doesn't actually appear in " deuce " and that rob schneider and eddie griffin are funnier than sandler . 
here's something to chew on : what's the favorite food of big , cheesy-looking special effects monsters like the one lurking in the bowels of a luxury liner in deep rising ? 
i suppose deep rising's gallery of grotesque images represents fun stuff for those who love the macabre , but it doesn't do much for me . 
aside from a beautiful jewel thief ( famke janssen ) and a couple of crew members , there's no one on board . 
the reason soon becomes obvious -- the ship has been taken over by a bad special effect that is supposed to resemble an octopus with teeth and more than eight tentacles . 
the cast , which is led by treat williams , is primarily comprised of has-beens and probably-never-will-bes ( two exceptions : wes studi , best known as the villain in the last of the mohicans , and djimon hounsou , amistad's cinque ) . 
williams , once a " can't miss " prospect in hollywood , has fallen so far out of favor that the best he can do these days for a lead role is a film like deep rising , and his inability to create a charismatic or interesting figure here may sink whatever is left of his sputtering career . 
these days , audiences are becoming more difficult to impress with computer-generated special effects . 
of the four supernatural horror flicks released this year , it is clearly the worst . 
indeed , it would have been good if it were a music video , because it's only interesting for about five minutes . 
what's worse , after being faced with dull characters and the prospect of having annoying camera tricks and loud music jammed down our throats , we now have to contend with a story that starts off in one direction , veers off in another , then another , and ends up being totally incomprehensible . 
these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality . 
the worst thing about it is that it didn't have to be bad . 
it's based on a great book , ``the haunting of hill house , '' by shirley jackson . 
he is the master of the extravagant special effect and the big visual adrenaline rush . 
the effects are truly impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated -- beautiful , mysterious , magical and spooky . 
but this is where the good things end . 
it's nothing more than a special effects-extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn't engage . 
it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window . 
 " haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . 
and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . 
casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . 
they have big guns and other cool things to fight them with , but the bats are pretty smart , so it's sorta hard to do . 
the bats swoop down and they shoot at them to make they go away for good . 
the scientist is dr . sheila casper ( dina meyer ) , who specializes in flying mammals and is classified as `the best in her field' . 
it has been exactly one year since julie james ( jennifer love hewitt ) suffered through the ordeal of being terrorized by ben willis , a psychopathic fisherman whom her friends and she accidentally hit in the middle of the road , and then , thinking he was dead , dumped him into the ocean . 
maybe the people who made , " i still know what you did last summer , " should have realized that in order to make a good movie , you must have a screenplay---or at least one that isn't such a black hole for thoughts and ideas . 
i mean , how could you top the force and impact of the original film , intelligently co-scripted by rod serling ( of twilight zone fame ) combined with the overbearing chuck heston growling and yelling at those " damn dirty apes , " in one of his best roles of his career ? 
while rick baker's makeup work is amazing , the script is a pathetic hodgepodge ( courtesy of three writers ) , the acting is horrible , and the " surprise " ending feels like a swing from a ball-peen hammer into the temple . 
i suppose that's what happen when a great director gets sucked through a wormhole . 
lovitz is especially good , playing a rival wedding singer plotting with the mania of a bond villain to take advantage of robbie's post-break-up depression . 
and how at the end of the day , the things that matter most are love , truth and honesty . 
it's not a simple plan , when you shoot everyone you love for money , unless you're the menendez brothers . 
i can imagine how good krippendorf's tribe must have looked on paper . 
it does not surprise me in the least that a group of extremely talented actors , led by the great richard dreyfuss and a good director ( todd holland ) , all wanted to make this film . 
and proof that the typical family unit is led by a single father is truly amazing to the anthropological community . 
this film also requires a lot of physical humor that i've never seen dreyfuss perform , and he does a great job . 
and the kid actors are great , as well . 
his character here is not a good subject for a film because he is a shameless liar , and never once does he show any kind of penance for what he does . 
i suppose it was interesting to see the formula defied in this case , but for the purposes of good taste , i would have expected something . 
with a little more insight into its story and themes , this could have been a good movie . 
chris tucker is one of those guys you immediately get a reaction from -- you either find his helium voice , crazy eyes and jerky mannerisms funny or annoying . 
tucker is good in the movie -- and this is the kind of film that , if people see it , could make him a big star -- but he's also really the only thing good about the movie . 
this is tucker's first leading role , and if you imagine a slightly lankier , african-american jim carrey with a reliance on wild r-rated raunch rather than pg-13 physical comedy , you have a good idea of the conviction with which he assaults the role . 
but the people around me appeared to be having a rip-roaring good time ( one gentleman several rows behind me chortled with such expressive conviction i began fearing for his health ) . 
but tucker , at least for me , is a pretty funny guy , and aces the movie's best scene , where franklin passes himself off as vic damone's son at james and grace's engagement bash and toasts the couple with barry white lyrics . 
avoid this would-be sci-fi thriller , unless you're in for a good laugh or two . 
boy , what a great movie ! ! 
keanu reeves and morgan freeman acting together , the director of the fugitive ( andrew davis ) back again to give us another thriller , and the beautiful rachel stealing beauty weisz thrown in to boot . 
this project holds great promise : taking hydrogen from water and giving out more energy than is put in . 
so he murders the project leader , blows up the project ( great but short scene here , sort of like a mini id4 city-devastation thing ) and tries to simulate the experiment at some other hi-tech hush-hush location . 
someone must have convinced him that this time round , cinema dollars are best earned by making the movie run like a headless chicken . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
on one level , " return to horror high " is a slasher movie , and it is at this level that it works the best on . 
but other than that two-minute distraction , " return to horror high , " is certainly no great shake . 
they declined to screen the picture for critics , which is never a good sign , particularly with the high-profile people involved . 
although how much money a movie makes does not determine how good it is ( just look at the spectacular " in dreams , " which failed to even make the top 10 last week ) , i have a suspicion " gloria " is going to vanish from theaters faster than " ishtar , " judging from the opening night 7 : 00 p . m . showing i saw it at , where there were about ten to fifteen people present , counting myself . 
 " spawn " features good guys , bad guys , lots of fighting , bloody violence , a leather-clad machine gun chick , gooey , self-healing bullet holes , scatological humor and a man-eating monster . 
in movies like " contact , " the special effects serve the story . 
he starred in february's " the pest , " a movie that i still think is the year's worst so far , although this one does give it a run for its money . 
as it is , " spawn " is just awful -- it stinks worse than a dead trout . 
they have a beautiful house in suburbia . 
they and best friends mona ( goldie hawn ) and griffin ( garry shandling ) are about to face marital crises in a film most well known for its torturous path to the screen , " town and country . " 
but it's not very good either . 
according to the publicity material , with this movie the directors " hope to restore good old-fashioned bowling to its rightful place in the mainstream of american consciousness . " 
it's thanks to murray that the first quarter of kingpin seems so good - he gives the wry , derisive edge to this otherwise rather unfocused comedy . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
granted , there are a few laughs amid the constant barrage of pre-school humor , but anyone who appreciates good comedy will bang their head against the wall ten times for every minor chuckle . 
54 is supposed to be an amazing insight into the world of the dance club of the same name , which originated in the 70s and closed down in the 80s . 
what it lacks is everything that made boogie nights great : depth , intelligence , energy , fascinating characters , and challenging themes . 
steve rubell is the owner of studio 54 , and if christopher had focused on him , then myers could have forced a good film out of this wreck all by himself . 
it's here that he meets his friends , the array of uninteresting characters : his co-worker , greg ( brecklin meyer ) , his wife , anita ( salma hayek ) , and , of course , the love interest , julie black ( neve campbell ) . 
rubell has been written just as depthless as the rest of the characters , but myers is good enough to inject subtleties that help round out the performance . 
janeane garofalo in a romantic comedy -- it was a good idea a couple years ago with the truth about cats and dogs but is almost excruciating in the matchmaker . 
a month ago i wrote that speed 2 was the worst film i've ever reviewed on paper . 
as directed by joel schumacher ( who now specializes in batman sequels and john grisham adaptations and isn't very good at either ) , b & r is one long excuse for a taco bell promotion . 
the problem is , of course , that there aren't many good roles available for black women . 
as a result , for pinkett smith's first opportunity atop the marquee , she is stuck in a stupid , formulaic romantic comedy with the unpromising title of woo . 
woo is a spontaneous , energetic young woman who has been looking for love in all the wrong places . 
it's not love at first sight , however . 
in a good entry to the genre , the audience becomes caught up in the love story , no matter how familiar it is . 
the best thing about , " lake placid " is that it's only 80 minutes long and when it's over you're glad that you didn't waste more than an hour and a half of your time . 
basically , " lake placid " is best undiscovered . 
and then there's the love interest which is always pathetically tacked onto comedies like this one . 
be that a good plot , more jokes ( or simply funnier ones ) , or a strong character or two , anything would have helped senseless get off the ground . 
michael york plays a millionaire diplomat who breaks the code and sets out to become god on earth and fulfill the doomsday prophecies , while casper van dien ( terribly miscast and giving an awful performance as a result ) plays the atheist motivational speaker who must stop him . 
michael ironside ( great as always , despite the silly film surrounding him ) plays a fallen priest and right hand man to michael york's character . 
the documentary runs about 25 minutes and is actually surprisingly good ( it looks as though it was made for broadcast on tbn ) , and it does a comprehensive job of interviewing practically everyone in the cast and crew ( with the exception of michael ironside , unfortunately ) . 
the best thing about it is that whenever crew members are interviewed , they do an excellent job of explaining their profession and exactly what it is they do on a movie set . 
doomsday expert hal lindsey is even interviewed ( you'll remember his documentary from the 1970's called the late great planet earth , where lindsey speculated that jimmy carter might actually be the antichrist ) . 
the year is barely a week old , and there is already a candidate for the worst of 1997--the relic , a would-be chiller that's more successful at making the audience laugh than scream . 
like most of shelton's other great films ( bull durham , white men can't jump ) , this dud unsuccessfully attempts to use athleticism as a method of connecting characters and creating interesting subplots . 
shelton has been so good in the past at using sports to analyze the structure of society that from his collection of films we are given an examination of different classes and races living in various different regions . 
these dudes needed no prompting to talk , as they just love to brag about about themselves . 
 " mission to mars " is one of those annoying movies where , in the middle of the movie , you get the sneaking suspicion that the reason the trailer looks so good is because they showcased all the best parts of the movie : all five minutes of it . 
 " mission " has some good ideas , but they get lost in the unbearably boring delivery , dime-a-dozen dialogue , and spate of good actors wasted in cardboard-cutout roles . 
there are some spectacular special effects sequences in this film , and i give it points for trying to stay true to the science i know ( trying is the key word here ) . 
the sequence with the martian demonstrating their history is oddly beautiful and touching , but as mentioned by then we're so sick of the goddamn thing we want the movie to be over . 
great design , good intentions , but no cigar . 
among the rich and beautiful whose glamour hides sinister secrets , a femme fatale who tempts and confounds the hero , shadowy figures shooting from doorways , dead bodies confronting the hero at every turn , cops dogging his path and interfering with his investigation . 
harry is fond of jack but is in love with catherine . 
jack is dying of cancer and is jealous of harry's love for catherine . 
ray is good at martial arts , so when he has to beat up bad guys , there's no problem . 
lela rochon is just some woman who accuses them of stuff , while paul sorvino is both the good guy and the bad guy at once ! 
in fact , every character goes through so many shifts from good to bad that the end provides absolutely no insight into what any of them really do . 
it's fun to admire the awfulness of a film like this , but that doesn't excuse the fact that it is , indeed , awful . 
then , after cage gets his gun , gandolfini then decides it would be best to go around to the other side of the car . 
whenever the score starts up , it sounds like techno music , and then this awful indian or middle eastern type music will accompany it . 
awful decision there joel . 
at this point he's capable of a wide range of performances , either good or bad . 
for 8mm , he delivers a very wooden one , and only shines when he's interacting with joaquin phoenix ( who gives a great performance as a porn shop clerk with a heart of gold who helps cage with his case ) . 
perhaps best remembered as the recently departed news anchor on saturday night live who always started the segment with " . . . this is the fake news , " norm macdonald , at times , could elicit some laughter by blurting out semi-offensive phrases in his raspy voice , coated with a condescending attitude . 
 " dirty work " , is nothing more than a sophomoric comedy about two best friends who grow up only physically . 
everything about this ninth trek movie seems on the cheap , from the roger corman-grade special effects to its highly derivative and ugly ad campaign ( the poster is nearly identical to that of star trek vi : the undiscovered country ) . 
picard's love interest , anij ( donna murphy ) , can slow things down by staring at them ( such as a waterfall or falling rocks ) -her scientific explanation for this ? 
even the worst shatner and co . 
it got great reviews . 
well , with praise like that , i figured , it must be good and so i headed off to the theater . 
it's obvious the writer had a good idea for a movie , mob boss faces breakdown and needs the services of a psychiatrist , but once this is established , the movie doesn't really go anywhere . 
it's moronic fun at best . 
and then there's the special effects . 
nope , it's another bunch of guys , and directed by george miller , who has shown great skill with stunts/special effects before ( the road warrior , " nightmare at 20 , 00 feet " episode of twilight zone : the movie ) but apparently doesn't know when to turn off the wind machine and let his people act . 
nicholson does what he can with the role , and when he can find his bearings , can be extremely good ( the scene in the church , for instance ) , but most of the time , he seems a bit stiff , as if he's not sure what he should be doing next . 
this script goes all over the map , giving you the feeling that it'd just love to be allegory , but it's not sure about what-- maybe if you give it time it'll think of something . 
godzilla lives and dies on special effects alone . 
that's not to say that females and other age groups are immune to the special effects seduction ; they're just not as readily susceptible . 
frankly , while the special effects are competent , they're not all that stunning . 
the imagination of monster movies like king kong has been replaced by a crass , formulaic approach which disallows creativity . 
worst of all , godzilla isn't even exciting . 
then , just when the military has rejected nick's theory about why godzilla is in new york , a member of the french secret service ( jean reno ) recruits him for a special assignment . 
that's not to say that matthew broderick and jean reno aren't capable of good performances ( both have done their share of solid acting in the past ) , but they aren't a-list names . 
maria pitillo ( dear god ) plays the love interest and hank azaria ( great expectations ) is on hand to present what is supposed to be comic relief . 
meanwhile , theodore valentine ( larry dann ) is in love with emmannuelle after a chance encounter in the toilet of the concorde and is determined to marry her . 
this film is the second worst carry on movie , the worst being 'carry on england' . 
an awful script , a terrible collection of jokes , very poor production values ( especially the scene where emmannuelle takes her clothes off at st . james palace ) , a ludicrous and cringeworthy musical score , and a non-existent plot or storyline . 
its just a succession of awful set pieces about who emmannuelle will bed next ! 
jack douglas is not so annoying but is more boring , joan sims and peter butterworth are wasted , and kenneth connor and kenneth williams put in some poor performances as leyland and emile . 
in short , the former nfl player turned fox sportscaster turned actor is too good to be bad , but too bad to be good . 
unfortunately , the same cannot be said of his first star vehicle , firestorm , which is just plain awful . 
unfortunately , despite the best efforts of first-time director dean semler to photograph long using heroic shots that make kevin costner's work in the postman look stark , jesse turns out to be a pretty boring good guy . 
firestorm's director , dean semler , is a former cinematographer ( he won an academy award for his work on dances with wolves ) , so it's no surprise that the film looks good . 
unfortunately , that's firestorm's lone asset , and it falters near the end , when computer-generated special effects fill up the screen . 
the general consensus seemed to be that , although the movie sucked , the promotional key ring was cool . 
this diabolical load of claptrap from steven speilberg's dreamworks studio is hollywood family fare at its deadly worst . 
the script becomes so unspeakably bad that the best line poor lee evens can utter after another run in with the rodent is : " i hate that mouse " . 
instead of jokes , there's just an endless stream of profanity and naked breasts ( and naked breasts aren't so bad , but naked breasts alone don't make a good movie ) . 
and when they do reunite in the finale , their whole consanguinity is reduced to a repulsively annoying three-minute scene in which they argue like little children . 
even if she knew what she was making was not exactly up to par in the quality department , she nonetheless is very good , and the two scenes that work , flashbacks to christmas 1988 , when she had a heartbreaking run-in with her mother , and to halloween 1993 , when lou crashed her son's birthday party in a drunken stupor , are effective because of the realism ryan brings to the situations . 
if you are a fan of kudrow's ( and who isn't ? ) , do yourself a favor and rent this gem that puts more good use to kudrow in sixty seconds than " hanging up " does in its entirety . 
meanwhile wendy's sexually awakener , fifteen year old sister ( rebecca elmaloglou ) has moved in with her , and is secretly watching mack and wendy's late night love trysts ? much zaniness ensues 
though they do manage some heat later in their love scenes , helped , no doubt by them keeping their mouths shut . 
which is unfortunately , the other main story isn't any great shakes either . 
pre home and away elmaloglou is pretty good as the inquisitive jojo , but her character seems extraneous to the story , well , at least until the final scenes . 
the bar is an oppressive red , like all of it's patrons are being baked while they drink , outside it hazy orange by day and cool blue by night . 
and , ultimately , that is what sums up in too deep , it's tries to be good , and you want it to work , but , it's just lacking the talent behind it , that it needs to succeed . 
switch to the present day , gillian , who is the stronger , more rebellious sibling , leaves home , and meets up with a dark , abusive guy ( goran visjnic ) , while sally stays in their hometown , meets and falls in love with a sweet , caring man , has two children , and then is devastated when her husband is hit by a truck and killed ( come to think of it , she's not too devastated since she gets over it in about two minutes ) . 
add to this wildly convoluted story subplots involving the dead rising and an exorcism , not to mention a spattering of " light-hearted whimsy , " and you have a pretty good idea how messy " practical magic " is . 
 " practical magic " is directed by griffin dunne , primarily an actor , who last year made the contrived , clumsy romance , " addicted to love , " with meg ryan and matthew broderick . 
with corny dialogue , that the characters laugh at for some odd reason , a script that goes nowhere , dull action sequences , a predictable ending , and worst of all weak characters , there's basically nothing to like here , except for maybe the set designs . 
and why they chose john cusack , a great , quirky actor in his own right , to play the most bland , uninteresting and unfetching character ( with zero chemistry with either of his leads ) is further more , beyond me . 
so is this the worst movie that i've seen all year ? 
beautiful ( 1/10 ) - my best friend's wedding ( 7/10 ) - notting hill ( 5/10 ) - pretty woman ( 7/10 ) -runaway bride ( 5/10 ) - someone like you ( 4/10 ) - wedding planner ( 3/10 ) - when harry met sally ( 10/10 ) - you've got mail ( 4/10 ) 
gets one of the few memorable non-webb lines when he confesses to the girl , " he's a damn good d . i . 
nope , in the friday the 13th movies , you can always count on the killer taking great pride in his work . 
now , what kind of adult - with a good job and a successful career - would actually look forward to reliving the hell that was - and is - high school and adolescence . 
barrymore comes off best in the physical comedy aspects of the script in which she tries to walk , talk and act like a cool , hip high schooler . 
i think berenger is a pretty good actor , and he looked great in the part , covered in camo , face painted , stalking through the jungle with his high-power rifle . . . 
all in all , not a real dog : there is some nice action , good atmosphere , and pretty photography . 
the best scenes have the bird dancing and strutting to show off his comedic skills . 
it's good quality sitcom material but performed by animals . 
the best parts are enthralling , but then there are all of those dead spots in-between . 
he thought paulie was funny , and the actress that played marie was quite good . 
his friend sam , almost 9 , thought the movie was " awesome , excellent , " and gave it * * * * . 
he thought paulie was good , but he didn't believe the way marie's speech impediment was acted . 
the makers of watchers reborn probably want to fool unsuspecting video rental customers into thinking this might be a good movie instead of a crappy fifth installment of a film series which should have died a long time ago . 
this really isn't a good movie . 
they're awful . 
watchers reborn , after all , is based on that cool book dean koontz wrote a decade ago . 
koontz is a hack writer producing way too many thrillers for his own good , but he is still my favorite hack writer . 
john vernon does a remarkably good job at playing the not-so-bright baseball jock who initially gets swept away by melissa ( one of the script's faults is to try to pass off a character like this as a pre-med student ) . 
malicious certainly isn't the worst thriller of its kind out in the video racks ( a number of really fat turkies in this genre are out there ) , but it isn't all that good or original either . 
when naked killer was released in the local independent cinemas around melbourne , it was advertised ad nausuem as a hip , cool , controversial thriller . 
what they forgot to mention was that it isn't very good . 
the script is awful , the direction all over the place , the editing is jerky and confusing and the subtitling is surprisingly poor . 
now before you go assuming i'm some sort of high brow snob , who can't appreciate a little dumb humor , let me say that i love cheap humor . 
i thought there's something about mary was one of the funniest films that i have ever seen and it was certainly one of the best films of 1998 . 
not a great record for a 90-minute film . 
the team's somewhat mentally disturbed coach ( henry winkler ) realizes that his waterboy has a great deal of pent-up rage , which , if harnessed properly , would make him a force to be reckoned with on the football field . 
as i said , the film had a great deal of potential . 
all of whom are very good , just hamstrung by really , really , lousy material . 
even sandler , annoying goofy voice and all , has enough charisma and natural comedic ability to overcome some of his bad material . 
fairuza balk plays sandler's leather-wearing biker-chick love interest and does a great job playing sleazy and sexy at the same time . 
winkler is great as the coach who uses a " coaching for dummies " -style book to help him get through games . 
even with some of the worst material of her career to deal with , she is still a treat to watch in her role as sandler's overprotective and overbearing mama . 
these treats are great relief from the summer heat . 
in contrast , this film made me simmer in disappointment . 
i can accept the fact that summer movies tend to put more weight into special effects and that good stories and flavorful characters usually take a back seat . 
one is artemus gordon ( kevin kline ) , an inventor who uses his intellect and array of disguises to best his opponents . 
as it turns out , " wild wild west " is the wild , wild worst and receives my vote for biggest disappointment of the year . 
if it's good enough for doctors to draw blood from , then why do vampires stray from that sight ? ) 
and that ? s the best defense i can think of . 
this movie about two dysfunctional families never really gets off the ground , despite some good performances from a basically competent cast . 
living in rented rooms in the seedier part of an unnamed city , they spend what little income they have at the local bar , owned by shorty ( stanton ) , eddie's best friend , and his wife georgie ( mazar ) . 
on his return , he promises her the world and professes his undying love . 
joey insists on bringing eddie into his home and making his wife choose between her husband ( and father of two children ) and stability ( joey makes a good living , drives a cadillac , and they live in a large house in the suburbs ) and the love of her previous life . 
that quantity was mostly provided by cannon group , prolific production company that dominated the b-movie market in previous decade by flooding it with cheap , formulaic and , more often than not , unwatchable genre products . 
since it is rather absurd to expect great acting ability from chuck norris , at least not in this kind of movie , the biggest attraction of this film should have been action . 
the structure of the film is annoying , repetitive and pretentious . 
i love to see movies about hollywood shenanigans , but this one bites the big one . 
this film practically swept the " razzie awards " in 1999 , given out to the worst of all movie categories of the year , with no less than the " worst picture " award , the " worst screenplay " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst supporting actor " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst new star " ( joe eszterhas tied with jerry springer ) and the " worst original song " ( " i wanna be mike ovitz ! " 
this is the worst movie i've seen since the " so bad i walked out on it " " jingle all the way " . 
uma thurman is not as bad , but nothing resembling good either . 
and in what almost seems like an effort to save on costs , vendela kirsebom has no lines as mrs . fries -- she isn't even filmed well enough to look good ( trust me , she's quite attractive outside of this dreck ) . 
 " batman & robin " is a braindead , pointless , garish , loud film that should still reign as the " worst film of the year " by the time 1998 rolls along . 
now , i enjoy a good looking male body as much as the next gay guy , but what the hell is beefcake doing in a t&a flick aimed at heterosexual males ? 
not surprisingly , he does resurface , and it then becomes clear that this is a character that is best taken in a small dose ; almost immediately , his extended boorish and sociopathic antics loses its novelty . 
soldier's kurt russell was an older model super-soldier sent off to retirement when circumstances forced him to battle his successors , for the good of a planet ; schwarzenegger's terminator in t2 tried to save john connor from a newer model killing machine , the t-1000 ; and jean-claude , a former universal soldier , has to save the planet from the rampage of a group of , you guessed it , newer model soldiers . 
considering the poor box office performance of soldier , it's amazing that this project was ever given the go-ahead . 
other laughable moments include a ) luc going to a strip club to get internet access ( what ? ) and b ) a group of rangers , who after having been given good advice ( luc tells them that their weapons are useless , and shows them a specific gun which should work better ) , choose to go into battle with their useless weapons anyway ( guess who wins the battle ? ) . 
i'm not sure that anyone , not even robert deniro or edward norton , could make writers william malone and john fasano's script sound good . 
hey , a bug's life may have a good time doing antz in . 
having married for money , she discovers that she has actually fallen in love with the old guy and regrets having cheated and lied . 
next time your spiritual adversary reminds you of your past , take great pleasure in reminding him of his future . 
it's a dismal , third-rate farrelly brothers rip off that attempts to milk humor from such inspired bits of whimsy as having darren's love interest come from a family of circus freaks and be about to become a nun . 
this film has a great soundtrack , and wonderful scenery . 
glenn close also appears as a madam that the good doctor calls upon . 
if you * do * stick it through , your sole reward is a half-hokey special effect depicting the infamous transformation . ) 
and she does have a great chop ! 
singh is best known for directing music videos , particularly rem's " losing my religion , " and " the cell " seems very much like a really long , really slow mtv video with the sound deleted . 
the premise had great promise . 
oh well , maybe it's good for something . 
there were a lot of really cool fight scenes ( with really cool accompanying music ) , intersperesed with some distracting ( but ultimately non-intrusive ) bits of fluff passing itself off as a plot . 
 * in one of the worst pieces of mis-casting i think i've * ever * seen , james remar plays raiden , the god of thunder . 
 * the special effects are generally better , except for the final fight scene between the emporer and liu kang in which both perform their " animalities . " 
younger ( by three years ) brother freddy's internment at the institute for sexually abused children does nothing but confirm one's worst fears regarding the film's title and green's infamous 'handling' of a real horse , while not nearly as shocking as it would seem , doesn't make sense . 
i'm guessing -- and from the available evidence , it's not a great guess -- that burn hollywood burn began life as an insider satire of hollywood excess , stupidity , ego and power-mongering . 
those documentary captions , for all their leaden obviousness , allow the best insight into what's so hideously wrong with burn hollywood burn . 
this film from the seattle international film festival 2001's emerging masters series is easily one of the year's worst . 
if caught , they risk losing all the money , and their love . 
she's convicted of his murder , of course , and leaves her son matty ( benjamin weir ) with her best friend ( annabeth gish ) . 
when he has a good script and a strong cast , he turns out oscar-caliber work like " 'breaker' morant , " " driving miss daisy , " and " tender mercies . " 
some of the cyber-travelling special effects were okay ( hence , the 2/10 ) , but overall , it's one of those bad movies that's just funny to watch and cringe at . 
this film garnered keanu reeves a nomination in the " worst actor " category in the 1996 razzie awards . 
treat williams , looking like rhett butler but sounding like mickey mouse , is one of the worst villains i have ever seen in a movie . 
only catherine zeta jones , as one of williams cohorts turns in a good performance . 
about the only things i can recommend are a good performance by jones , and some colorful scenery . 
this is not a good movie . 
the great actor james woods once said ( and i'm paraphrasing ) , " if sex isn't messy , then you're not doing it right " . 
urban legend is a mad slasher flick , but one that is so sanitary , bloodless , and nudity free , that with its irony laden dialogue and beautiful ( though not overly talented ) cast , it more closely resembles an overlong wb television special . 
unfortunately , these kinds of flicks will continue to be produced because people no longer have expectations ; one idiotic super-hyped blockbuster flick after another has desensitized audiences to the point where films don't need to do anything more than promise a good time without the added pressure of delivering . 
if anyone disagrees i would love for them to explain the box office successes of shit like batman and robin , wild wild west , and godzilla . 
these flicks aren't harnessed with any lofty aspirations , so why not break free and give your audience a bloody good time ? 
despite its considerable production value and the absence of any boom mics slipping into frame , it is just as awful as any no budget entry in the slasher sweepstakes . 
as far as the possibility of some good natured exploitation urban legend's setting alone offers a myriad of promising possibilities : it takes place on a college campus , which is always an appropriate playground for the crazed killer . 
it's the kind of movie where the villain calmly purses a running-like-the-wind-prey , yet still manages to catch that prey through some really awful editing techniques . 
before i leave you , i would like to bring to your attention the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i've ever spent an evening with . 
the most annoying of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a supremely irritating lout ( so irritating i actually cheered his painful death , and i am not a cruel person ) . 
director barry sonnenfeld isn't of great help either . 
even though he shows some good creativity at some points , his overall urgency for directing is lost . 
the only saving grace for wild wild west come mostly in the form of special effects . 
there's also a good sequence involving metal magnet neckbraces and spinning saw blades , but , again , a logic question comes into play regarding their polarity . 
i would say sit back and have a good time with wild wild west , but it really isn't possible . 
there is also a solid performance from jamie foxx , who experiments with great success in his first trek into dramatic territory . 
hey , i've got a great idea for a movie ! 
for richer or poorer is a moronic farce about a rich married couple ( played by tim allen and kirstie alley ) who seek refuge in an amish community after their bumbling accountant ( wayne knight , best know as newman on tv's " seinfeld " ) gets them in trouble for tax evasion . 
backing up , the married couple is brad and caroline sexton ( allen and alley ) , a popular snobby duo who seem totally in love to everyone else , but in reality are on the brink of divorce . 
now that i've pretty much run for richer or poorer into the ground , i will let you in on the best thing about it . 
it bumped seven films up a notch on my " worst of " 1997 movie list . 
that's right , thanks to this film ranking at number 3 for the year's worst , six films are now not seemingly as bad , and a smile like yours , previously inhabiting the number ten spot , now doesn't have to suffer the ridicule of making my bottom ten list . 
lucy , played by courtney love , is with kevin , played by paul rudd . 
ben affleck is a good actor , but his character doesn't go anywhere so he doesn't have much screen time to give a good performance . 
this subplot was alright , but it was quite annoying with stephie's accent . 
hoffman did an okay job of acting , but ricci did good . 
mohr wasn't good , but he wasn't bad . 
none of the characters are developed or shown enough to really tell if the acting is good or not . 
the only performances that i can judge are christina ricci's as always good performance , kate hudson's funny role , courtney love's mediocre performance , and paul rudd's annoying and overused performance . 
the two strongest things in the film were the great soundtrack and the original costumes . 
the soundtrack is full of 1980's tunes , ranging from " i want candy " to " tainted love . " 
william shakespeare's romeo + juliet - the worst film ever made and a complete failure . 
and dicaprio's awful performance doesn't help . 
a sequel is never as good as the original . 
to make matters worse , leatherface , the chainsaw wielding maniac , who was never the scariest of psychopathic killers at the best of times , has now become a full blown cross-dresser , and spends the entire movie in drag . 
the writing is bad , the direction is even worse , but both of those things look good in comparison to the acting . 
which is why his performance in " what's the worst that could happen ? " 
in a role so diametrically opposed to what the actor has played before we should have seen it coming , fichtner isn't perfect--you can see him struggling a little at times , concentrating a little too hard on the look as he swishes his hand through the air , or nuzzles a coiffed canine up close and personal--but he's pretty damned good , and silly , and without question the best thing in the film . 
in fact , had it not been for fitchner's sudden and bizarre appearance , and his jarring screen presence thereafter , i would have walked out , for " what's the worst that could happen ? " 
fichtner's performance doesn't exactly save the film , and it's not like i'm recommending " what's the worst that could happen ? " 
yet perhaps this time , with ghosts of mars , we have taken our love of convenience to far . 
when she and her comrades , appropriately dubbed " the commander , " " the rookies , " and the guy with the cool accent discover the town's residents slaughtered , they are forced to team up with williams to escape from the remaining residents' head-chopping , alien-possessed clutches . 
yes , in the future , man may travel to space and conquer mars , but nothing beats a good stick of tnt . 
arnold , sinbad and phil hartman crash to the ground more times in this movie than a special olympics hockey team , and the movie dredges up more cliche and less believability with each successive scene . 
it's amazing how a comedian can have the some of the funniest stand-up around but completely fall flat in the movies . 
he's the best thing to hit comedy since robin williams . 
the only things that keep this bomb from getting the big banana are the winning performances from henry winkler as the insecure coach and the severely underrated fairuza balk as bobby's love interest . 
siouxsie is the chromium cool , tough-as-nails crack killing machine who shoots out a couple of mirrors in order to justify the film's meaningless stock title . 
as it is , it's best watched at 2am on showtime ( the love scenes seem to have been written for one of that channel's soft porn programs anyway ) . 
 " palmetto " has a well-known director , volker schl ? ndorff , who's best known for his adaptations of major literary works , especially " the tin drum . " 
it wasn't the worst film of year by any means . 
it isn't even on the top 5 of the worst films of the year . 
but it did manage to top the bottom five of the bottom ten , which , in simpler terms , means it comes in at number 6 on my " worst of 1997 " list . 
the only reason it doesn't come in lower is thanks to the special effects , which might actually have been some of the best of the year . 
but the main problem i found with " spawn " , as with most films that wind up on my " worst of " lists , is that it was just plain boring . 
like i said , the special effects are the only reason that this film should have any sense of pride , no matter how small . 
writer/director stephen sommers seems most concerned with creating a tone of action-horror menace -- something over-populated with gore-drenched skeletons , something where the gunfire and special effects are taken a bit too seriously . 
deep rising is missing that one unmistakable cue that we're expected to have a ridiculous good time , not hide our eyes . 
screenwriter steven e . de souza provides another conflict , this time between the childish sillyness of the good guys and business-like professionalism of the bad guys . 
granted , this is one of the best scenes in the movie , but it doesn't make a lot of sense . 
though slow moving , brother does have good elements . 
it's a great moral , with a great cast , just not much substance to back it up . 
expecting to see a good movie , but this screwy discourse about transvestitism betrays a level of incompetence that i didn't know was possible . 
i honestly think that if i picked up my camcorder and deliberately tried to make the worst movie i possibly could , it still might not match glen or glenda ? 
that's not a good sign . 
bunz has a best friend named rushon ( tommy davidson ) , who seems to be bunz's direct opposite : on the straight and narrow , and currently in a long-term commitment ( a whole seven weeks , wow ! ) . 
why are two such disparate people like bunz and rushon best friends ? 
in that 18 days , harry's group was = split into 2 teams , trained for deep-space flight and finally blasted = into space in with special drilling vehicles on 2 new space shuttles . 
so looking back , the original didn't hold a lot of great memories for me , since i didn't think too much of it when i initially saw it . 
the first thing of note is that it's the same commentary track that was on the special edition laserdisc from a few years ago . 
the other is hidden in what's called " the labyrinth " , which might possibly be the most annoying feature of a dvd ever created . 
enduring this spectacularly bad bit of sci-fi , easily the worst of its kind , is like watching someone futz around with a video game for 100 minutes - that is to say , there's little fun to be had when you're not the one holding the joystick . 
set in 2654 , " wing commander " stars freddie prinze jr . as a daredevil cosmos cowboy who hopes to be a great fighter pilot like his father before him . 
imagine bearded siamese cats crossed with something from a ? 50s roger corman cheapie and you've got a good idea . 
a time to kill has been hailed as the best of the grisham adaptations , and it's easy to see why : it presents a strong , almost rancorously so , story ; it is full of good actors ( samuel l . jackson , matthew mcconaughey , sandra bullock , kevin spacey , charles dutton ) ; and it's ostensibly about some important social issue that we're all tangling with . 
it is not , however , a good movie , and all of the reasons i've listed above have something to do with why . 
sandra bullock ( who is a good actress but not a serious one ) looks clueless ; spacey's accent switches itself on and off at random ( and he's given a totally thankless role to play as well , a role without an iota of depth ) ; and mcconaughey's role is stamped from the cardboard back of a cereal box . 
i'll bet right now you're just lounging by the pool , humming " i will always love you " and wistfully recalling your candlelight dinners with success . 
 ( she was played by joanna going in your movie-you know , the character known best in wyatt earp as " jew whore " . 
the postman is not the worst movie ever made-people in hollywood are quick to forget movies like howard the duck whenever the next bomb comes along . 
 ( i can think of some more appropriate alternate titles : post encounters of the worst kind ; farewell , my salary ; howard the postman ; the postman's never watched twice . . . ) 
you love brown . 
you have one great line in this film , and you deliver it to a mule ! : 
actually , i enjoyed the tone of the opening scenes , a relaxed cynicism , if you'll accept such clunky phrasing-too bad you couldn't resist the temptation to film yet another love letter to your country . 
sid and nancy , cox's best work , covered essentially the same subject matter , but cox was able to pull back and allow the characters of sid vicious and nancy spungen to carry the film . 
there are some truly funny moments , and if you're in a good enough mood you might get a kick out of it . 
wouldn't it have been easier to just have them fall in love instead of doing the typical spy-girl-for-the-bad-guy cliche ? 
the only good thing about this movie was they played outtakes at the end . 
and if i spoiled it for you , good , i saved you from wasting seven dollars . 
 " pulp fiction " and " fargo " both managed to get oscar nominations for the best picture , and not surprisingly , a slew of rip-offs followed in the years thereafter . 
that film had a great story and was well directed but had such an elaborate , confusing screenplay it leaves many viewers scratching their heads after repeated viewings . 
meanwhile each of these characters has something hidden up their collective sleeves and the double-crosses , secret love affairs and torrid pasts come as no surprise even though little of it has any relevance at all . 
he seems to be more interested in showing us how clever he is than making a good movie . 
these characters are probably supposed to be great criminal sketches but they're more like ideas ripped-off from sketches found in david mamet's trash . 
what it all comes down to is that nothing here is what it seems - which would be great if this movie were about pretty much any other story than what it is . 
and it's all coated with a thin layer of black comedy which is good for a chuckle here and there but this film is definitely not a flat-out black comedy and its use of such seems like a desperate attempt to kill screen time . 
your second clue that something isn't gonna be quite right with the movie you're about to see : charlize theron , one of the movie's dubious stars , makes an appearance on the daily show in which , when asked if her new movie's any good , she replies with the equivalent of a verbal sigh . . . 
for good measure , throw in a poorly motivated prison riot and have affleck's best buddy stabbed . . . 
he gets no good one-liners , he doesn't get to shoot or implode anything in new and interesting ways , and all we know about him is that he regrets his past as a car thief and wants a cup of hot chocolate and piece of pecan pie . 
in the past , affleck has been at his best as a supporting actor , and reindeer games does nothing to further his viability as a leading man . 
sean dies , leaving cassie crestfallen and guilty , made worse because sean saw matt kiss cassie just minutes after sean revealed his love for her . 
since there's no captivating dialogue , no character chemistry exists anywhere . 
i felt sorry for affleck , who i've liked in other movies , and bentley , who was great in american beauty . 
bottom line : soul survivors is so awful i feel compelled to knock on doors and warn people about it . 
they want this film to be good . 
use their imagination and create a good movie . 
and no , a movie does not need a big budget or cgi special effects to be scary or creepy . 
actually the less the better ( see the equally awful remake of the haunting ) . 
and i think there is a good chance they will see this film again and say to themselves " what was i thinking ? ? " . 
entrapment does the same under the thin disguise of plot development ( sean connery supposedly falls in love with the girl while watching her , in tights , arc and pivot around laser beams ) . 
the * initial * premise is pretty good and is played , for a while , at a delightfully dizzying clip . 
there's a great scene in jerry's fortress , er , apartment , with alice trying to act casual as her hyperactive host tries to remember the combination to a locked coffee bean container . 
good god , who rewrites these movies ? 
later , hubby spills some blood on the attic floorboards ( slow-mo special effects of the buckets of blood hitting the ground--all from the tiny cut on his hand ) . 
for good reason , too ; he crucifies two of them for fun , and carves a third while the nympho's horsing around with hubby . 
the demons are not , however , the good guys . 
the dumb bimbo's the good guy . 
it is an * awful * movie . 
awful acting , bad focus in the photography , many scenes of skin being penetrated by meathooks , which is really unrealistic , and looks like the latex that it is . 
i do think the * rat * acting was quite good . 
really good acting there , the best in the movie . 
 " the envelope for best furry rodent , please . . . " 
critique : i've been waiting for a good witch movie for a while now , but hold on to your brooms and incantations , cause this puppy is far from being it ! 
and what a waste of malcolm mcdowell , who could have been a great monomanical villain but should have been given a much more compelling reason for his obsession . 
however , mr . nice guy lacks the sparkle of jackie's best efforts , and its weaknesses are more glaring than ever . 
the action in the film is neither jackie's best nor worst , but you long for some more inspiration in the scenes . 
however , if you're just in the mood for some good action , you'd be better off hitting the video store for some of his better work , such as supercop . 
sahara , who has acquired a new age spirituality from repeated viewing of the little mermaid , has an on-again , off-again relationship with joe's best friend , bob ( maxwell caulfield ) . 
however , bob has gotten his biggest break yet : a starring role on a soap opera opposite the beautiful kelly ( daryl hannah ) , who may be that illusive woman he's always pursued : a real blonde . 
there are some moments of good humor in the real blonde , but not enough . 
the best stuff is in throwaway details in the background , such as sahara's perfume ads : " depression - it's not just a state of mind " . 
the last , and most predictable , main subplot deals with the king's son ( allen d . hong ) , and his love for a servant , tuptim ( armi arabe ) , and how he conflicts with his feelings , and the ancient laws of saim . 
the screenplay , written by arthur rankin , peter bakalian , jacqeline feather , and david seidler , which is based upon the play written by richard rodgers and oscar hammerstein , has some of the worst dialogue written in a film within recent memory , as every time the obnoxious king would shout , " etc , etc , etc , " i would cringe . 
the sole song which is used cleverly is " getting to know you , " which is used as anna shows the children the great outdoors , which they have never been exposed to . 
take the following scenario as an example , as the sheer horror of the king and i's music is at its worst . 
with the terrible dialogue that the king has , along with his awful voice track , the king is completely unbelievable , only shows mild signs of any personality , and the only thing that changes in the king is that he says " etc . , etc . , etc . , " more and more as the film progresses . 
the animation team does design their share of well animated settings , so this makes it easier to take my mind off of the annoying king , until i realize that day and night switch back in fourth within seconds . 
if it wasn't for miranda richardson , who voices anna with feeling , the king and i could earn the title , " worst movie of the decade . " 
instead , the king and i will just go down as among the year's worst . 
the comedy is played more in comic strip style for entertaining value than for deeper satire , as it features mostly zany sophomoric sight gags and relies heavily on special effects . 
the butcher's clumsy and near-sighted daughter julie ( marie-laure dougnac ) falls in love with the skinny , weird looking clown , and the two make some music together , with her playing the cello and him a saw . 
the songs are bad , the acting is bad ( especially deepti bhatnagar's ) , and the direction is the worst of all . 
he looked fresh , wore good clothes ( as always ) , and his performance , even though it wasn't his best , was the only saving grace of the movie ) 
for a good ten years or so , super cool chow yun fat has enjoyed god hood status in the hong kong action scene . 
mia sorvino ( a passport forger ) is dragged into the affay and also provides a lame love interest as well as being rather handy with a gun . 
chow's trademark of twin pistol shooting is saved for the finale ( which in fairness is quite good ) and there's not even a toothpick in site . 
maybe the concept of `down to you' looked good on paper to draw such a crowd . 
perhaps worst of all , `down to you' is not funny . 
dina meyer stars as the " bat specialist " sheila , who is pulled from her research ( along with her annoying sidekick , played with irritating deftness by leon ) in order to help a small texas town figure out why some local citizens and animals have been chewed to death recently . 
there's not a frame of promotional footage i have seen for the film that would have led me to believe it was going to be any good . 
this film reaches a level that transcends the " so bad it's good " level and borders on the downright insane . 
the effects are awful , the script is contrived , and for most of the feature i was laughing at things that were supposed to be taken seriously ( i think ) . 
thankfully , the performances are as good as they can be considering the material the actors had to perform with . 
she gives as good a performance as could be expected , plus she's nice to look at for an hour and a half . 
despite a gross of good intentions , brandon lee's final film doesn't fly very high . 
unlike charles bronson , whose only known superpower involves an inability to refrain from filming death wish sequels , lee's character has supernatural strength and amazing agility and can even reheal from gunshot wounds faster than robert patrick in terminator 2 . by his side is his crow , the presumable source of his powers as related in the narration . 
his two " best " set-pieces-- some banzai board-room butchery and a cool church- roof sword fight-- are also undercut by the awful editing of dov hoenig and scott smith . 
ernie hudson is a good choice as a friendly policeman and he gets off most of the film's funnier lines . 
there's nothing great from him here-- just a good performance that owes as much to presence as ability . 
one of my brother's favorite movies is h . b . halicki's 1974 cult flick " gone is sixty seconds , " one of the best products of the car-chase genre that provided drive-in fare during the 1970's . 
much as i like cage , for every good picture he does ( " leaving las vegas , " " bringing out the dead " ) , there are two major stinkers ( " snake eyes , " " con air , " " 8mm , " " city of angels " ) . 
so shale does what any good teacher would do . 
he gets his buddies together , they gather together a bunch of bazookas and other major weapons , explosives , and cool stuff like that , and they have a big showdown against the drug dealers and kod at the high school . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
the clan of the cave bear apparently received an academy award nomination for best make-up , which surprises me . 
the funniest moment of the movie occurs when a neanderthal in love with ayla attempts to rescue her from a ferocious bear . 
some of them aren't even good . 
 " french twist " ( the " cool " american title , not the real one , which was " gazon maudit , " literally meaning " twisted ground , " or something like that ) deals with a married couple with kids , and the intrusion of a stranger who kinda screws things up for them . 
but she soons starts to not only fall in love with marijo , but she's also realizes she's still in love with alain chabat . 
josiane balasko does a good acting job with her role , but her little sex comedy isn't very humerous , entertaining , or even deep at all . 
this is shallow , unfunny , and pretty annoying to watch . 
the actors do the best they can with the bad material , and victoria abril is pretty likable despite the script ( and the fact that she's stupid enough to try to divide herself over two people when she has kids ) . 
and i thought " stigmata " would be the worst religiously-oriented thriller released this year . 
for a guy like me who grew up watching arnold schwarzenegger at his best , it's extremely disconcerting to see where the big man has ended up . 
variety ) are feeble at best . 
in fact , all of the supporting players are good actors , but none , save for byrne , is given anything interesting to do . 
this being an action blockbuster , it's no surprise that the worst thing about it is the script , which starts off totally confusing , and when some of it is explained ( and not much of it is ) , it's utterly ridiculous . 
it gets so formulaic that it's possible for those uninterested in being scared to close their eyes at the precise moment a " boo " will come . 
it's good for a few chuckles , but not much else . 
most of them had me scratching my head , rather than saying , " wow , cool ! " 
if violence is supposed to be shocking , it's not a good idea to throw so much of it into a movie that the audience goes numb . 
isn't it cool ? 
vegas vacation brings back chevy chase as clark griswold , the good intentioned but ill-fated father of two . 
of course a " vacation " movie wouldn't be complete without good ole eddie ( reprised by randy quaid ) , the misfit cousin , showing up at all the wrong times . 
a good example of the latter would be last year's black sheep . 
have a good vegas joke , make a vegas movie ) . 
if you loved them , don't ruin your good impressions of the series by indulging in this tragic example of cinema ala carte . 
beyond an ability to use skin-diving gear , no special talents are required of him . 
it is not a great plot . 
unfortunately , the sword and the sorcerer is not even half as good as it sounds . 
what would have been a great film is completely destroyed by uneven plot jumping , bad acting , and gruesomely gory , bloody scenes . 
in addition to the extremely bloody scenes , this uneven plot jumping completely destroys what would have been a great fantasy adventure . 
the only good thing about this film is its musical score , contributed by david whittaker , who had an ( extremely ) short music composing career . 
i hope you get a good laugh out of this review , but i am not laughing . 
fans thought it was great and now is a second movie in the pokemon craze , " pokemon : the movie 2000 " which is far inferior to the original animated movie . 
first up is the plot , which there really isn't much of , in fact the plot what there is : a bad guy trying to destroy the ancient never before seen pokemon , lugia , is about it , except the fact that ash kethcum the worlds best pokemon trainer must try and stop him before he destroys this one pokemon forever . 
even though the first movie wasn't a great film , it was definately an enjoyable well-made movie with an actual thin storyline . 
this new movie however is nothing but garbage , there is nothing good to it storywise , and its only good thing comes from some plush animation and colors . 
compared to the first film , this movie is awfully bland , from its opening titles , to the end titles it tries its best to work , but fails miserably at every corner . 
the voices even aren't that good and almost feels like the stars don't want to be there , like they can tell that this is an extremel bad movie . 
the film has one thing going for it and that is the animation , although not up to disney standards , it is still very good with some interesting cgi's and very colorful animation , the colors jump out at you very fast , and seem very nicely put on film . 
why a film this bad got such a good treatment with its animation is still a question to be answered , hopefully pokemon 3 next year will be much better than this trash . 
maybe i wasn't in the mood to watch a mindless action movie ; i am the same person that liked lethal weapon iii , even while admitting that it wasn't as good as the others . 
by the end , it is obvious that hundreds of navy men are no match for thirty armed special forces soldiers . 
of course , in movies like these , there must be a sidekick , and a love interest . 
most of the time it happens with films that leave so overwhelming impact , either good or bad , that in the end reviewers must work hard to express his thoughts or feelings . 
i love trouble happened to be one of such occasions for the author of this review . 
such films as metro , doctor dolittle , holy man , life , and bowfinger have reduced a once great comedic persona to a living and breathing washed-up hack performing as a studio puppet for 20th century fox and universal pictures . 
the klumps once again revisits the life of sherman klump , an overweight university science professor looking for love in all the wrong places . 
janet jackson is the love interest who chooses the lovable sherman for a soul mate rather than excel at her career as a university professor ( and for the most ridiculous reasons ) . 
with love on his mind , sherman is determined to rid himself of his alter ego , buddy love from the first professor , who still resides with vigor inside his psyche and causes sherman to act like a bad imitation of vince vaughn from swingers . 
with some convoluted mumbo-jumbo about dna extraction , sherman extracts the " buddy love " link in his dna and smartly deposits buddy into a handy-dandy lab beaker . 
but one night , the beaker is knocked over and buddy love is regenerated . . . 
because every movie like this needs an unnecessary villain to thwart the good guy . 
the movie finally dissolves into a really bad hallmark family special about realizing who you are and what you can be in this world -- with enough soft lighting and people on the verge of tears in every scene . 
its also a damn shame that the makeup magic of rick baker -- who worked on the original nutty professor and won an academy award for his work on an american werewolf in london -- and amazing digital special effects that enabled murphy to interact with himself in such beautiful motions are built around such a lame story line . 
even the best effects can't seem to save the most pathetic of movies these days . 
now that i think about it , the worst thing about this film has to be all the money that it will make . 
i just can't wait to see eddie murphy in a love scene with himself . 
his only longing is for his long lost love , lilianna ( joanna pacula ) , who has since moved to america . 
the film's best moment ( and that's not saying much ) is a bit part by steven seagal , playing himself . 
between executive decision and this , all of seagal's best roles have been cameos . 
he's proven that he can be much funnier than these formulaic films allow him to be , and yet , like a glutton for punishment , he keeps coming back . 
goldblum is actually quite good , but it's hard for the audience to sustain much interest in his character and spiritual journey when the director doesn't seem to be much interested , either . 
while many people will walk into the film expecting a big special effects fest with the asteroid blowing everything up ( as the trailers seem to promise ) , the film is actually more of a character study , if a very poor one . 
the cast are seemingly on autopilot , although tea leoni does gives a rather good performance , even if she acts a bit too dorky for her own good . 
elijah wood , one of the best child actors working today , is surprisingly average , although his choice of roles lately haven't exactly been brilliant ( i . e . 
ok , so deep impact may have messed up character wise , but surely the special effects are good ? 
although the special effects should be impressive , with a massive tidal wave destroying new york , the special effects look like , well , special effects . 
sadly , the waves looks like it's been drawn on computer , and doesn't look too good at all . 
what could of been a moving movie with good effects turns out to be a dud in both characters and effects . 
perhaps if the impostors didn't have so much going for it , it wouldn't have been such a tremendous disappointment . 
the press notes describes how everyone that came on the set remarked at what a good time all of the actors were having . 
it is tricky having good actors play bad ones , but , if they couldn't pull it off , they should have just given up . 
he goes to great lengths to follow her around and watch her in her own apartment . 
oh , donner and screenwriter brian helgeland would like you to believe that by the end of the movie , the two main characters will end up falling hopelessly in love with each other , but there seems to be no evidence of that ever occurring . 
this really started out as a great film , but some of its jokes were actually true ! 
the teen comedy resurgence of late has been surprisingly good in terms of comedy . 
in all honesty , the best part of this film is the end credits . 
nothing great , but more entertaining than anything in the 90 minutes which preceded them . 
but the worst insult to viewer's audience is terrible miscasting of melanie griffith . 
screenplay by robert j . avrech makes things even worse with some formulaic red herring subplots ( scene involving two italian gangsters was almost too painful to watch ) . 
the freshman writing class tone is quickly established when she says things like , " this is not a love story , it is a story about love . " 
luis then confesses his deception , leading julie to state , with great significance , " we have something in common , we are both not to trusted . " 
after their wedding , luis and julia retire for a glorious night of carefully choreographed lovemaking , with their bodies positioned to display her breasts and his bottom as erotically as possible . 
incidentally , if you're afraid i'm giving too much away , rest assured that all of this happens in the first 30 minutes of the movie , leaving plenty of time for numerous dopey plot twists , a great deal of operatic acting and more footage of her tits and his ass . 
good romantic comedies based on similar premises abound . 
for this alone it will be a problem for modern audiences unschooled in shakespeare and in search of nothing more than a good , undemanding laugh . 
having the annoying prop comic scott thompson ( better known as carrot top ) in the lead role ? 
this has the crabby landlady , ms . krubavitch ( estelle harris , best known as george constanza's mother on " seinfeld " ) , threatening an eviction if past due expenses aren't furnished post haste . 
predictably , there is an attractive employee ( courtney thorne-smith ) whose initial repulsion will transform into love for our doofy protagonist . 
tsui continues to energetically pile on the visual razzle dazzle in his latest collaboration with the muscles from brussels , _knock_off_ , but this time around , style neither save a script that is at best ridiculous , and at worst incomprehensible ; nor hide a host of truly lousy performances . 
even typically good actors are not immune to the bad acting bug . 
tsui does what he can to make something of them , employing freeze frames , blurred motion , and unconventional camera angles , but there is nothing fundamentally special about the fairly generic chase and fight sequences written by desouza . 
there isn't anything as preposterously amusing as the climactic tiger/land mine fight in _double_team_ , let alone anything remotely close to tsui's legendary hong kong works ( but that's a given going in ) . 
if tsui has any hope of approaching his countryman john woo's stateside success , he would do best to break free from van damme . . . 
it is only a video game , after all , but the on-screen version tries to go beyond it's comic book boundaries by adding depth , a conceptualization of self-worth , and worst of all , a love story . 
the original mk was smart in letting the players do what they do best . 
the characters presented are so annoying and pathetic , that it is hard to cheer for them or scream them . 
the worst character in this film , or maybe in any film released this year , is chris kattan's watson pritchett . 
to top off that huge disappointment , every actor was wasted and the script was completely ludicrous . 
if the annoying characters and hilariously bad dialogue were intentionally underdeveloped ( similar to " deep blue sea " ) , the goal for creating a creepy , suspenseful action film was completely missed . 
way of the gun is brimming with surprises , some good , most bad . 
one of the good ones is ryan phillippe's surprisingly halfway decent performance . 
as for the plot , well , that's one of the bad surprises ; phillippe and the great benicio del torro play two moronic ( and not even remotely likeable ) criminals ( introduced to us in the parking lot of a rave where they stupidly pick a fight with about twenty people ) who hatch a scheme to kidnap a surrogate mother ( juliette lewis ) after overhearing that she's carrying the baby of painter ( scott wilson ) , a very well connected wealthy man . 
it's just as overplotted as suspects , and often dull as any overplotted movie without interesting characters , a distinctive style , or a good script would be . 
even the good stuff , most of which involves james caan ( doing a fine job ) , feels odd and out of place in a movie that thinks lines like " karma is only justice with out the satisfaction " are clever . 
at one point caan laments " need is the ultimate monkey " a line so inexplicable he might as well have said " love is like hippo ass " . 
taye diggs has a similar function , cool as ever , but never a character , though the guy has one helluva death scene . 
kattan's comic sense provides several good humorous moments as he plays the hysterical proprietor of the former sanitarium . 
the real star here are stan winston's robot design , some schnazzy cgi , and the occasional good gore shot , like picking into someone's brain . 
the biggest change is that , with sophisticated computer animation , we now can have films show off special effects without being at all entertaining . 
marcus ray ( van damme ) , a babe-magnet and stylish dresser , heads up the company with an annoying weasel of a partner ( rob schneider ) . 
it all sounds very cool . 
i suppose there's some enjoyment derived from schneider's character , who is extremely annoying , but provides the film's better moments . 
and what is the beautiful lela rochon doing in this movie ? 
magoo' was by far the worst ever made , the spectacularly bad 'blue in the face' , the horrible 'baby genuises' and now 'i woke up early the day i died' . 
it may not however be the worst movie made but it certainly ranks as one bad movie . 
that's not a good average for a production that wants to keep viewers in the dark about what's around the next corner . 
mcnaughton appears to have completely lost his way here , in what is obviously a stab at mainstream success ( his previous wide-release picture , mad dog and glory , was a box-office disappointment ) . 
the acting in wild things isn't very good , but none of the principals have much to work with . 
thanks to jeffrey kimball's polished , kinetic cinematography , wild things always looks great , and george s . clinton's score keeps it pulsing and throbbing . 
this big budget , brain dead apocalyptic thriller bludgeons its audience with overwrought music , grisly violence , explosions galore and lots of cheesy special effects . 
a group of guerrilla catholic priests decide the best way to stop the situation is by killing the girl . 
speaking of cameras , director peter hyams is just the man to take marlowe's script and make it even more self-important , murky and annoying . 
had the film delivered some decent scares , or even maintained a consistently ominous tone , the bombastic clich ? s might have been tolerable , but " end of days " is simply a flaccid special effects show . 
fortunately for chris kattan's precariously positioned career , corky does have some good laughs , even if most of them are of the lowest-brow variety . 
and not a good sitcom , i mean . 
plus , berg -- whose career has obviously gone downhill since the last seduction and chicago hope -- gives a great turn as the illiterate brother paulie . 
to top it off , and in a move contrasting with the tone of the rest of the film , thurgood is given a love interest , mary jane ( rachel true ) . 
watching the film clean and sober , you are bound to recognize how truly awful it is . 
maybe there's a really good reason for it . 
when eye tracks his target to an expensive- looking secluded house , he witnesses a mysterious and beautiful woman ( ashley judd ) take a knife out and proceed to stab the poor bastard . 
i never , even for an instant , had the foggiest idea why eye would fall so in " love " with this woman who changes wigs and kills people . 
and i wouldn't be surprised if i found out there was an hour and a half of footage cut from this movie lying in a landfill somewhere , or waiting in the wings for the dvd special director's cut . . . 
original ? ! let me give you a run-through of picture perfect : character a ) kate ( jennifer aniston , from tv's friends ) , a smart , beautiful , professional woman wants two things she can't have : a new job-title and the love of her co-worker kevin bacon . 
then when everyone wants to meet him , she tells some poor schmoe she met at a wedding that she will pay him $1000 to pretend to be in love with her for a company dinner , and pick a fight with her at the end , thus breaking the engagement but still being able to keep her job , since the guy ends up looking like a jerk and she is the poor , defenceless female . 
that , plus a quick demonstration of the amazing special effects in the trailer , should be enough to lure us into the theatre . 
all that , the depth and true horror of the book is gone and only special effects make you remain in your seat . 
being probably the best technical achievement since " jurassic park " , they are absolutely amazing . 
what is truly disturbing is that with a great book , talented actors and a grand budget , this could have been so much more . 
he was responsible for several good films ( " basic instinct " and " starship troopers ) " and some incredibly bad films ( " showgirls " , " total recall " ) , but he has never made anything that was great . 
he even throws in some of the worst of film clich ? s - the slowly advancing fireball , the villain who comes back from the dead , etc , etc . - and tops the whole thing off with one of the most ridiculous endings of the year ( you'll be screaming " nooooo ! " 
as the world's leading expert on radiated earthworms ( and wouldn't you love to have that printed on your business card ? ) , 
meanwhile , we're introduced to our new york cast , headed by an ambitious broadcast journalist ( maria patillo ) , broderick's former love . 
please don't tell me that's the best line you could come up with . 
other lame running jokes include everyone mispronouncing the broderick character's last name and frenchman jean reno's inability to find a good cup of coffee in new york . 
godzilla comes to us from the makers of independence day , so it has a lot of dumb action scenes , destructive special effects and shallow subplots . 
the end credits note that " no special visual effects were used in the basketball sequences of this motion picture . " 
often i get to the middle of a story and say , ok , it sounded good but i now have invested more time than i am willing to spend on this subject . 
the musical score by pieter bourke , lisa gerrard , and graeme revell is one of the worst in recent memory . 
plummer and wallace are such different types and wallace is too well-known for even so good an actor as plummer to play him convincingly . 
as scripted , directed , and acted by cinematic newcomer christopher scott cherot , hav plenty limps along at best . 
filled with wealthy african-americans , the story is closest in tone to love jones , which was better . 
if you can take that as a true statement , then your disappointment at this film will equal mine . 
martin can be hilarious , creating some of the best laugh-out-loud experiences that have ever taken place in movie theaters . 
this $100 million mess by good director barry levison ( disclosure ) is dull , long winded , and a huge disappointment . 
although crichton is great with plots , he's terrible with dialogue , and practically every line in sphere is a dud . 
the sphere itself is impressive , and there's a few nice special effect shots , but where the $100 million went is anyone's guess . 
but overall , sphere is a big waste of some fine talent , a lot of money , and a potentially good movie . 
this pathetic tale of three high-schoolers who accidentally kill their best friend in a birthday kidnapping prank gone horribly awry is never even remotely funny . 
 " jawbreaker " is a monumental waste of effort and resources , and quite likely one of the single worst films i've ever seen . 
bad flicks for the rest of the year are safe ; i've already got my pick for worst film of '99 . 
this time , laura gets to stand over a fresh , shredded corpse with its entails ripped out and mutter " this is awful . " 
it appears the twenty-eight year old is not happy with her slow progression up the company ladder , and her love life apparently leaves something to be desired . 
now that she is engaged , he pursues an affair with her , as doing so would destroy her good girl image , hence sam's sudden interest . 
it's like the director said 'well , we know the story is formulaic and the performances aren't that great so , what the heck , let's show jennifer's assets as often and as uncovered as humanly possible to keep the pg rating . " 
the film is similar to " my best friends wedding " in a sense that the leading female character is actually quite vindictive and due her actions , gets no sympathy from me when things go awry . 
at least " my best friends wedding " changed the formula a bit and had a somewhat surprise ending . 
first , the cakes looked really cool . 
i've used the phrase " angel of death " in this review very deliberately to contrast pitt's performance with this year's best angel performance , nicolas cage's in city of angels . 
cage struck instant chemical sparks with co-star meg ryan , where the chemistry between pitt and forlani is only understandable if you accept the notion that forlani's character is so shallow that she can't see beyond pitt's good looks . 
starship troopers was essentially a b-monster movie remake of his enthralling dutch war film soldier of orange ( a great film that's nearly impossible to find on video , yet showgirls is everywhere ) , in which he cast a troop of stunningly attractive mannequins ; the square jawed casper van dien and denise richards ( who may actually be 45% silicone ) , in what feels like an american propaganda picture set to monotonous scenes of graphic carnage . 
i believe his best hollywood film to be robocop , a bleak super-hero satire with a robotic hero that's as touching as schwarzenegger's in t2 . 
hollow man's protagonists are the completely bland but beautiful scientist linda ( elizabeth shue , acting as if she were rebecca of sunnybrook farm ) and her lover , a hunk of beef scientist played by josh brolin who's saddled with the film's worst lines ( " i've lost cohesion again ! " ) . 
the rest of the film's characters are all well past thirty , though act like annoying high school party animals insulting one and other with a series of strained one-liners ; is it just me or have labored insults become big budget hollywood's new character developing technique ? 
how can one not have a good time at a film that utilizes state of the art fx to illustrate an invisible man getting down and dirty with his bad self ? 
it's a little moment in a big film with nothing to offer but ground breaking special effects set to a plot that should have run its course by 1982 ( the apex of the mad slasher craze ) . 
those special effects are so stunning they alone keep this from being as bad as urban legend or i still know what you did last summer . 
he's a good cop , as the first few scenes establish , and he's very familiar with chinatown . 
i don't blame this entirely on foley , because he's obviously a good director . 
foley's strength is clearly in characterization , and he does a pretty good job here . 
the scenes between nick and danny are very good , and i actually got a feel for their characters ; a bond forms between them that holds parts of the film together . 
chow and wahlberg are both good actors ; chow is a pro , and can do this kind of stuff in his sleep . 
rachel's girlfriend commits a horrible and realistic suicide after the boy who made " love " to her the night before spurns her . 
it's also the best time for the handful of existing bigtime hollywood mr action heroes to dust off their miniscule vocabularies , pull on their black vests and charge onto our screens tersely expirating what they hope will become memorable catchphrases . 
i'm talking about the summer " blockbusters , " the " action thrillers , " the " this-obviously-cost-a-lot-so-you-know- everyone's-going-to-go " explosions , gas threats , flying saucers , and special effects . 
because she's so good , and has such nice legs , arnold spends the whole movie trying to protect her , and only uses the opening movie sequence to save robert pastorelli from * his * killers . 
it has some sort of x-ray vision , so its user can target the victim's heart even from great distances . 
despite this , which i figure is a pretty cool feature in a gun ( though i'm certainly no expert ) , however , arnold , whose own heart is targeted a number of times , * never * goes flying 10 feet backwards with a two-foot missile through his chest like all the others who get shot by this gun . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
sadly , he forget to bring a good story and believable characters . 
certainly not good factors for a film passing itself off for a thriller . 
there's a good story buried in snake eyes , it's just bogged down in razzle dazzle and flashbacks . 
the director appears to be deep in thought , until he slams his fist down on the desktop and exclaims `i love it ! ! ! ' 
sylvester has broken out and managed to elude several security guards with his amazing intellect and kung-fu tactics . 
this is a disasterously bad film , easily the worst in the series to date , and fairly epitomizes a cinematic definition of the word excessive - it's loud , garish , and obnoxious , with pointless , gratuitous action sequences and set pieces which clutter up the screen with elaborate production design to the point of overkill . 
batman and robin features the caped crusaders ( george clooney debuting as batman , with chris o'donnell returing as robin ) squaring off against another bevy of chemically-induced villains - the nefarious ice-cold mr . freeze ( arnold schwarzenegger ) , armed with a weapon which freezes everything in its sights , and the slinky poison ivy ( uma thurman ) , who has the ability to blow powerful love dust into the faces of men in order so that they will fall helplessly in love with her ( not that the dust is really necessary to accomplish this result , but whatever ) , and then dispatch them with a poisoned kiss . 
akiva goldsman's screenplay for the film is ridiculous and laughably bad , with astonishingly terrible dialogue , lame jokes , and an awful by-the-number plot which simply coasts along and fails to generate any genuine excitement . 
arnold schwarzenegger is top-billed in the film as the villainous mr . freeze , and is bland and uninteresting , perhaps the worst thing that a villain can be . 
the bulk of his performance consists of uttering near-unintelligble puns and one-liners featuring every possible permutation of " cool ! " 
unfortunately , michael winner doesn't know how to work out the plot , and after torturing the viewers with mostly uninteresting characters and cliched and formulaic situations , ends this movie with a bang . 
the big showdown at the end - that turns east new york into the sarajevo-like battle zone - is probably the worst part of the movie , because of the poor editing and the cheap sets and props that give away the low budget . 
 ( special note for trekkies : marina sirtis , the actress who played counsellor deanna troi in star trek : the next generation could be spotted in a small role of portorican wife ) . 
critique : angelina jolie was great in this movie . 
there were also about three " action scenes " that were pretty cool to look at in this film . 
all in all , this movie wasn't the horror show that some of the early reviews had warned us about , especially since every other scene does feature jolie's torpedoes begging to burst out of her lucky shirts , but it was quite the letdown nonetheless , especially when you consider the major opportunity that the filmmakers had here to create a cool , hip woman hero , based on a popular video game . 
they had no spark , no energy amongst them , and even though a few of the action scenes in the movie were cool ( see the trailer and you'll know which ones i'm talking about ) , the overall picture was lame and the dialogue and mystical bull-crap just buried it even further . 
mind you , i won't go as far as to say that it's the " worst movie of the year " ( remember that i actually have to go see freddie prinze jr . movies also ! ) , but it's definitely the worst film that i've seen during this summer movie season ( of course , it's still early and i'm sure there are a few more garbage heaps coming down the pike ) . 
me , you'll miss the boobs but end your night with some rock-solid porn and it's all good ! 
great film , even today . 
but as i rewatched " independence day " when it came out on video after being the number one hit of 1996 , i kinda felt like it wasn't as cool as when i had first seen it . 
i had liked it when i saw it the first time ( * * * was my original view ) and basically saw it as a good " escape film . " 
but after a while , this kid becomes annoying and you just wait for the next one . 
the worst is a scene between brent spiner and bill pullman where spiner is sayinig something innocently funny but is barked like a junkyard dog by bill pullman who gives him the most unitentionally funniest speech since the end of " glen or glenda ? " 
now this annoying kid's problem is that in the process of trying to make everyone like him all at once , he shows he has no balls . 
the best one is when jeff goldblum ( nicely named david ) turns on his computer and a picture of hal comes up and says , " good morning , dave . " 
and judd hirsch steals the film by actually acting great ( he's a stereotype , but i just loved the man anyway ) . 
will gets way too many one-liners and he has no one to play off of ( execept jeff towards the end , and the two do great ) . 
but after a couple months , we all move on to the next " event " film while intaking little films and a couple indy ones for good measure . 
adam arkin plays a grade-school teacher who is sardonic , cynical , and somewhat abrasive , but a good teacher . 
morse turns out to be good , and a friendship slowly develops between the two , as their respective professions progress on the screen--arkin's teaching , and morse's selling of paper flowers to passing motorists . 
good music to be sure , but it doesn't replace the dialogue for setting the mood or telling the story--it makes the film somewhat minimalistic , a technique i rarely admire . 
charlie's angels is one of the worst examples of action film homogeneity and shameless duplicity in any film i've seen in ages . 
and while the entourage spends 90 minutes romping around in cleavage-busting wetsuits , cleavage-busting waitress uniforms , and cleavage-busting wet t-shirts , they scarcely succeed in resembling so much as a group of annoying , drunk sorority girls , the kind who hit on everybody at a party . 
the actual plot revolves around the ridiculous story of a millionaire computer engineer -- the great sam rockwell -- who gets kidnapped by a mysterious rival computer company . 
the amazing crispin glover lends his acting chops as a crazed henchmen involved in all the nasty things that happen to the angels -- like battling each of them in many round-robin matrix rip-off ( again ) fight sequences and harboring a strange attraction to sliced-off locks of the angels' hair . 
lucy liu , looking good in a skin-tight black leather suit . 
the writers apparently ran the copier all night stealing scenes from armageddon , lethal weapon ii , all of jackie chan's movies , the great escape , saturday night fever , revenge of the nerds , payback , darkman , dr . no , the matrix ( as mentioned ) , and even tv's friends . 
but even when first-time director jeb stuart ( who wrote " the fugitive " and " die hard " ) doesn't know what to do , he knows what he wants it to look like -- the movie provides some great visuals . 
the set-on-a-train climax looks good ( even though the action is illogical ) , and the beautiful , crisp cinematography captures the rockies in all of their icy splendor . 
this movie sucks because it was slow and boring , starred an uninteresting protagonist with an unbelievable past , included extremely dull patients whose problems left me indifferent at best and pissed at worst , and certified it all with many a predictable ending . 
anyone without his name could never have made this film because it is an extremely generic puff-piece , which on a good day , might be described as predictably digestible . 
and three , and this one surprised me the most , actor ted danson's cameo ( yes , he will always be sam malone to us real fans ! ) was the best part about this movie and actually made me see him as a different person . 
wait for his scene because it's actually pretty good . 
there's a great shrink movie ! 
kasdan also played the part of dr . green in 1997's as good as it gets ( 8/10 ) . 
so we've got a fish-out-water formula mixed with meet-cute romantic comedy which ideally should make for a good movie . 
lee is a great filmmaker , often exhibiting kinetic visual flair on par with brian depalma and martin scorsese and a storytelling ability comparable to steven spielberg . 
leguizamo's turn as vinnie is annoying and whiny . 
the script makes it clear that we're supposed to believe that his character is flawed , but still a good guy . 
summer of sam has some superficial elements of a good film : it looks great , it has a few notable performances and i suppose it's pretty well directed , in a purely technical way . 
the marvelous british actor derek jacobi stars in writer and director john maybury's love is the devil about the popular modern artist francis bacon . 
francis's love of sadomasochism is shown early and often . 
full of metaphorical interpretations , the film's best scene occurs late one night when george has to get up to go to the bathroom . 
like a parody of a bad art house movie , love is the devil has horrid characters filmed bizarrely and confusingly by a director who is much more interested in technique than storytelling . 
love is the devil runs 1 : 30 . 
two party guys bob their heads to haddaway's dance hit " what is love ? " 
it's barely enough to sustain a three-minute _saturday_night_live_ skit , but _snl_ producer lorne michaels , _clueless_ creator amy heckerling , and paramount pictures saw something in the late night television institution's recurring " roxbury guys " sketch that would presumably make a good feature . 
with " what is love ? " 
granted , a lot of people _have_ seen _jerry_maguire_ , but the fact that the film's best joke is completely dependent on one's familiarity with another film says a lot about _roxbury_'s lack of inspiration . 
after watching one of the " roxbury " skits on snl , this is what you come away with from the characters : they bob their heads to " what is love ? " , 
charlize theron defines the term " over-the-top " in her performance as mary ann lomax , a disappointment in contrast to her good performance in " 2 days in the valley " . 
the only good performance in the movie is by al pacino , but i kept asking myself what the heck he was doing in this mess ? 
in 1986 i remember watching a movie called " wisdom " with emilio estevez and demi moore , and the ending of that film did the worst possible thing that a movie could do . 
perhaps this would have made a good comedy . 
russell who is usually a good actor in b-grade action flicks is unusually hampered by his character ? sergeant todd , who seems more like a sergeant toad . 
this , undoubtedly , is eddie murphy's worst movie and that's an accomplishment . 
years ago , movies stereotypically portrayed blacks subservient , second-class people , good for being only maids and servants . 
without a doubt , the best thing about home fries is barrymore ; at the risk of sounding sexist , she's never looked better than here , as a curly redhead with twinkling eyes . 
it's raising arizona without babies , without charm , without laughs , without human characters , and without intelligence ; worst of all , it's creepy . 
although paul's already in love with dora by this point , as is bound to happen to losers when pretty girls address them by name , he gets altruistic and pretends the flowers he bought her are actually from alcott . 
she's thrilled , but nevertheless spends a few days at paul's to recuperate ; the two bond over emergency kitten surgery and a broadway play ( " cabaret " ) , and just when paul's got in his head that she's starting to love him back in that non-friendly way , she decides to become alcott's live-in girlfriend . 
goth veneer aside , there are an awful lot of girls out there who behave as erratically as dora , and enough angry young dude filmmakers to make movies about them . 
coming off of her oscar-caliber work in two of last year's best films , " clockwatchers " and " the opposite of sex , " lisa kudrow's throwaway " girlfriend " role is an incredible step down . 
 " tomb raider " seems to be more interested in displaying her breasts ; so much attention is drawn to them that it's a shame there's no oscar for best performance by a wonderbra . 
although the late fulci managed some rather good thrillers in his career , this is not one of them . 
as a director , some of fulci' idiosyncrasies are incredibly silly and annoying here . 
this film would evade the explosions and special effects of standard summer fare , and be grounded in reality . 
it stars a rising young starlet , helms a good cast , and is directed by one of the better actor-turned-directors in hollywood . 
_hope floats_ stars sandra bullock as birdy , who , after discovering her husband has been cheating on her with her best friend ( on national television no less ) , takes her daughter and drives back to her home , helmed by a countryish bumpkin eccentric played by gena rowlands , ( she decorates with stuffed wildlife ) . 
and then there's the sentimental scenes with justin , played by harry connick jr . , who is taking a liking to her again , showing her a beautiful pad that he built from scratch . 
what sort of eccentric grandmother go through such great pains as to provide a dog costume , a kermit costume , a cowboy costume ( with whip ) , and a full furred barney costume for her grandson to wear during dinner ? 
gena rowlands is the best part of the film . 
but she's such a good actress , that it staggers the mind that she's weighed down by such lukewarm material here . 
it would be a severe tragedy if the recurring star of john cassavettes' great films is known for this film . 
and although there is no chemistry between the two leads , they give good performances on their own . 
lawerence gives a good eddie murphy performance , and robbin's is alright aswell . 
however , robbin's performance is nowhere near as good as the characters he played in jacob's ladder , and the player . 
the characters in arizona are funny , and there's also a good scene where robbin's asks a shopkeeper which 'threatening approach' was better , lawerences ( which consisted of lawerence threatening to shoot the shopkeeper's ass , and swearing a lot ) , or himselfs , ( which was speaking in a deep , scary voice ) but the gags are predictable , the lack of chemistry infurating , and the ending too far-fetched and 'perfect' 
banks and horta's ( intentional ) attempts at humor are also lame ; the fact that the best gags are lazy , in-jokey references to the other credits of co-stars joshua jackson and rebecca gayheart says a lot about the imagination of their humor . 
starlet jennifer love hewitt , but i'd talke her any day ove the dreadfully stiff and uncharismatic witt , whose inept attempts at emoting were often met with laughter ; witt has a pefect foil in her equally pesence-challenged leading man , jared leto . 
maybe the worst thing about the movie is that del toro followed another annoying trend of recent movies : he forgot to turn the lights on . 
i think bean soup would be good for dinner tonight . " 
hong kong director john woo made two of the best action films of all time , " the killer " and " hard boiled " then came to america to make the stupid " broken arrow . " 
i don't know why a foreign director who shows such talent in his country can't make a good american movie . 
now , i know you think you've made good movies in the past , but now you're in america , so things are a little different here . 
when he's taken to heaven prematurely by bumbling angel keyes ( eugene levy , " best in show " ) , his only recourse is to return in another body . 
also good is frankie faison ( " hannibal " ) as whitney , lance's compassionate manager - the only human who's made privy to lance's body body switch . 
another " best in show " alumnus , jennifer coolidge , is poorly used as wellington's cheating wife ( and shown several days apart wearing the same outfit ? ! ) and greg germann ( tv's " ally mcbeal , " " sweet november " ) continues display his sitcom roots as her lover and husband's lawyer . 
the worst case is lauren holly , who presents a completely bland claudia . 
as portrayed here , she's hardly the kind of woman who would inspire even a moment's interest , not to mention undying love . 
some movie makers have only one good film in them . 
whether you like the beatles or not , nobody wants to see the bee gee's take on some of the fab four's best known songs . 
meanwhile , the lonely hearts are off doing the classic " sex , drugs , and rock n' roll " thing , leaving poor strawberry fields without her true love , billy . 
with the recent onslaught of 70's nostalgia in the movie world ( the ice storm , boogie nights , reissues of the star wars trilogy , etc . ) , let's pray this doesn't get a special 20th anniversary , second-chance in theaters . 
it's too trashy to be good drama , but too dramatic to be good trash . 
it is quickly apparent that hammond , despite his overt racism , is more in love with his bed wench , a sensitive slave girl named ellen ( brenda sykes ) , than he is with blanche . 
there is historical basis in the notion that slave owners often slept with their female slaves , but " mandingo's " overwhelming emphasis on this aspect of slavery gives the movie the unpleasant taste of a cheap sex flick ( although there's plenty of violence -- fights , vicious beatings , shootings , and the aforementioned human boiling sequence -- thrown in for good measure ) . 
the director was richard fleischer , a veteran who was best known for several special effects-laden action movies including " 20 , 000 leagues under the sea " ( 1954 ) and " fantastic voyage " ( 1966 ) , as well as such superior suspense films as " the narrow margin " ( 1952 ) . 
 " mandingo " reassessed the south , and showed that it wasn't all beautiful plantations , green fields , and pretty sunsets . 
there is a great deal of potential in honestly exploring the nature of a sexual relationship between slave and owner , but " mandingo " never does it . 
 " mandingo " is satisfied to simply show some skin , and because of that , its " trashy potboiler " nature overshadows any potential social good it might have accomplished . 
let me be the first to say " ready to rumble " is a huge disappointment . 
the actors are dull , the script awful , and the plot which there isn't much of . . . . really 
annoying . 
i'm not quite sure how great actors like these , and very funny actors too , are given such a lame script , and directed in such a childish manner , that i wonder if hollywood is ever gonna make good films these days . 
sadly but truly again like most recent films , all the good parts are in the trailers . 
it does have the razzle and dazzle of a great action movie , and with the 100m dollar budget parts seem to show it , parts you have to wonder where all the money went . 
good role , ok performance . 
in the trailers it looks like a good scary , action film and ends up being a boring , long and preposterous drama that leads into something else that leaves us with questions . 
gabriel byrnes ( who ironically played a priest in " stigmata " ) here plays satan and gives a good performance but again seems held back and not into his character . 
robin tunney ( great performance as always ) plays satan's main person whom he wants to impregnate to carry his child . 
of course rod stieger gives another great performance which really isn't nothing new . 
here we are given great camera work , and some great scenes that are terrifically directed but sadly just don't work in this movie . 
maybe i sound crazy , but i am really looking forward to the new exorcist film , and hope that they make it as good as the original . 
overblown effects , stupid and thin plot-line , good performances , disappointing . . . . umm 
the actors are called on to act accordingly , resulting in some of the worst , most overdone work all of them have ever turned in . 
willis fares best of all--but that's because his frozen expression of befuddled bewilderment mirrors that of the audience . 
unlike _american_beauty_ ( a film that _breakfast_ resembles in more than a few ways , to its great detriment ) , there isn't any palpably earnest undercurrent that would prepare the audience for the big shift . 
the movie revolves around the convenient story of a special un operative caught up in a secret murder conspiracy involving a chinese ambassador , the chinese triad brotherhood , a rich chinese businessman ( played by ? that bad guy from rising sun , cary-hiroyuki tagawa ) a chinese un interpreter , and , inexplicably , donald sutherland . 
not alcohol and drugs = good . 
a shadow of last year's 'girl , interrupted' , which likewise followed in the footsteps of great masterpieces like 'the cuckoo's nest' and 'trainspotting' . 
and what awesome power and strength of character it actually takes to overcome all that and become clean . 
but the worst thing about it is that it actually thinks that it is saying something of significance . 
dominic west shines as the source of gwenie's devilish temptations , but elizabeth perkins' and steve buscemi's great talents are wasted on unnoticeable and shallow characters . 
it's a love it or hate it film . 
this supposedly clever script did nothing but turn me off , though there were a few funny moments in a film that was dripping with special effects and spent most of its script in finding novel ways to showcase its killings . 
based on the famous 60's television show , the film was an enormous box-office flop and a huge disappointment for warner bros . a year later , the studio is up to their old tricks again , with the unnecessary revival of the robert conrad program the wild , wild west . 
and co-star kevin kline is attached to the project , as well as a substantial budget to spice up the special effects . 
there are a lot of fancy special effects , and a handful of distinguished actors who try desperately to tunnel through the inane plot and make a lasting impression . 
so lets not insult a great movie by taking the comparisons any further , okay ? 
three , while the notion of a psycho's victims being smart , successful women is an interesting twist , the execution isn't even half as good as the idea . 
the only consolation for this viewer is that my ticket to the movie was a freebie , positive proof that the best things in life aren't free . . . . 
you know a movie isn't that good when the highlight is a brawl between two women . 
this is the sort of movie that only a huge fan of one or more of the cast members should rent , and even then prepare for disappointment . 
and to round out the group : the elderly couple ( jack albertson and shelley winters ) who live aboard the ship , the beautiful teenage girl and her brother who are sailing alone and adventurous scotsman roddy mcdowall . 
either way , we get to see a lot of bottoms because the two beautiful women in the crew are both conveniently wearing hot pants during the scenes where the camera shoots upwards while they climb up ladders and -- in the ballroom scene -- christmas trees . 
the one note in borgnine's one-note performance is to be a cranky old man that argues with hackman every step of the way while buttons and the hippie fall in love ( although since there isn't a sex scene , we never find out if his buttons really are red ) and albertson and winters wonder if they'll live to see their grandson's birth . 
but with fight club , he has allowed his unique talent for extraordinary vision to be distorted by silly digital experiments and self-referencing film elements , such as talking to the audience about what they are seeing , telling them that the little blips in the right hand corner are signifiers that the projectionist is changing reels and that a slightly altered recurring line is good ? flashback humor ? . 
 ( pitt , carter , norton . . . all of them are good . 
even meatloaf is good . ) 
keep cool , a chinese film directed by semi-accomplished filmmaker yimou zhang , was one of the kickoff films for this year's hawaii international film festival . 
on the day it premiered , lines of eager moviegoers stretched around the block , some anticipants having queued up well in advance to get a good seat in the theater . 
keep cool just isn't very funny . 
it was dizzying ; good foreshadowing for the film . 
you see , keep cool is filmed almost totally with a camera handheld by a man with a bad case of the shakes . 
although some might consider it a form which helps give the viewer an idea of the anarchic state into which chinese youth is slowly growing , i found it thoroughly distracting , and after a while , quite annoying . 
although only an hour and a half in length , keep cool contains extraneous material . 
there are a few things that keep cool does right . 
as mentioned before , the interaction between the bookseller and the older man is generally pretty good . 
along the way the hand kills anton's parents and his two best friends . 
the best shot occurs during the opening credits , as the camera pans over the streets and byways of huntingburg , indiana as the water level slowly rises . 
as he swims and boats his way through huntingburg's roads , he encounters some of the locals : karen ( minnie driver ) , a would-be love interest ; a bickering old couple ( richard dysart and betty white ) , who are on hand to provide comic relief ; and the easily-corrupted sheriff ( randy quaid ) , whose seeming helpfulness hides sinister ulterior motives . 
freeman , one of the best cinematic thespians working today , looks suitably embarrassed to be here , but i suppose everyone needs a good paycheck from time-to-time . 
as a result , we are saddled with an idiotic good guys/bad guys story that effectively ruins any potential that the flood tale could have had . 
gun wielding arnold schwarzenegger has a change of heart by the film's end and becomes a believer in god instead of a skeptic , going through an amazing transformation by having a christian epiphany in the final scene as he becomes someone who can now beat the devil by his faith alone . . . this is after two hours of throwing people out windows and shooting more people than your average serial killer . 
about every ten minutes , however , edwards does manage to come up with a good line or a novel sight-gag , the most effective of which involves a pair of " dueling " condoms . 
adam sandler vehicles are never anything special , but continue to make a load of money . 
while good comedies like rushmore , to choose a recent example , gets limited release and doesn't make a lot of money , big daddy got a huge release and has made a lot of cash . 
it's also nothing special and doesn't deserve the money it's making . 
big daddy really isn't that good . 
there's the occasional good one liner , but these are usually strangely delivered wrong and lose most of the humour . 
the two twins who play julian are o . k , they start out rather well , but then becoming annoying and brattish halfway through and finally turn 'all american' wholesome goodness at the end of the film , where the tear juice is turned up high . 
big daddy is really nothing special , and is not even worth it for a few chuckles . 
although it is actually well put together , with nice direction , good production design and even some montages , this professionalism can't help the fact that the script and characters are trash . 
predictably , he and the missus get it on in a sequence best described as unpleasant , his evil seed impregnating her with twins and realizing that great " bowfinger " line about " alien love . " 
here's a hint : it involves lots of water , electrical equipment , a special effect from " the abyss " and the tots who doubled up as adam sandler's co-star in " big daddy . " 
director/writer rand ravich coats the proceedings in dynamic sights masterminded by legendary " e . t . " 
 " i haven't made love in five years . " 
aspiring broadway composer robert ( aaron williams ) secretly carries a torch for his best friend , struggling actor marc ( michael shawn lucas ) . 
writer-director victor mignatti's " very romantic comedy " ( as the ad campaign states ) is supposed to be ( pardon the pun ) a gay ol' romp , but it's hard to have much fun with these annoying , self-absorbed characters and their shallow personal problems : marc and cynthia have sitcom-level domestic " crises " ( such as trying to kill bugs--how hilarious ) ; robert and marc go to acting class ( how riveting ) ; the zaftig cynthia goes on eating binges ( how original ) . 
i only say this now because " mufti splenetik " isn't my real name and because i probably need to explain why i went into this film expecting great things . 
seagal films can always be counted on for minimal dialogue , heaps of expendable baddies with extemely crunchable bones ( which we'll always hear when seagal does his limb-twisting thing ) , rarely a female co-lead in sight ( unless it's a real-life model-wife who hasn't worked since weird science ) and , usually the worst possible titles you can imagine . 
for example , although there's a fair amount of violence in this movie , there's also the disastrous pairing of seagal with keenen ivory wayans , probably the best known of the wayans tribe ( how many are there , exactly ? ) from television's " in living colour . " 
seagal's best characteristic used to be that he knew his purpose in this already complicated world of movies : to crunchily snap off bad guy appendages , and to do it silently , and alone . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
when the haunting arrived in theaters , all i kept hearing about was the overdone special effects and the fact that very often the unseen bumps in the night in a horror film are far scarier than those that you can put a face to courtesy of special effects . 
so special effects or not , if the story isn't the least bit scary , you aren't going to end up with a very frightening movie . 
dern is always great , and even though he may have had only about 3 minutes of screen time he was still the most interesting element of the movie . 
as i sat through the seemingly endless , albeit fairly impressive , special effects , i kept wishing that this movie was about dern's caretaker and not the one dimensional characters that populated the cast . 
never a good sign when a bit player is the best part of the movie . 
he decides the best way to get results is to trick a group of fairly unstable individuals to spend a few days in a haunted mansion . 
but the real stars here is the special effects combined with the fairly overdone sets . 
just endless setups so director jan de bont can showcase all the nifty special effects that he got to play with . 
and the special effects are great . 
in many cases they are as good as you are likely to see anywhere . 
in other cases they are overdone and obviously thrown in just for the sake of hitting the " cool shots " quota . 
when i first saw the house , i was very impressed with the very cool gothic look about it . 
all catherine has to do in this movie is look good . 
while she does have a fairly good size part , it is obvious that her only purpose in the movie was as eye-candy . 
both prove quite nicely that special effects are irrelevant to a horror film . 
if you are looking for special effects , go rent star wars . 
either way , it's probably in your best interests to skip the haunting . 
she still hasn't forgiven the guy as they board the terror train ( " you asshole , you can't have a good time without hurting somebody ! " ) . 
at least one of the characters says it's a groucho mask ; when the killer dons it and steps aboard , it looks like gene shalit who , by the way , would make a great killer in a slasher movie . 
starring arnold schwarzenegger ; danny devito ; emma thompson & frank langella the only thing that you can say about junior is that it is a disappointment , and a big one at that . 
but it wasn't , schwarzenegger pregnant is goofy at best . 
while thompson is best known for her jane austin adaptations , she is also a fine comedian . 
actress julie delpy is far too good for this movie . 
this isn't necessarily a good thing , since it prevents us from relaxing and enjoying an american werewolf in paris as a completely mindless , campy entertainment experience . 
as a result , we get the worst werewolf sequel since the howling ii : your sister is a werewolf . 
but it's an awfully small reward for sitting through a painfully awful movie . 
[theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good sound , picture , and seats] 
 " lost in space " is the latest such offering - a film so poor it would be twice as good if it were mediocre . 
audiences' attention spans are rapidly decreasing and as is the trend with such films , this one opens with a fast-paced space battle which serves not only as the most interesting scene in the film ( probably because it has " star wars " written all over it ) , but as the producers' way of showing off their budget through the special effects . 
each member of the family has a special trait and personality , and yet none of them seem like actual people . 
it's amazing that after an hour of trite dialogue and generic plot devices that so little happens . 
the first such scene takes place on an abandoned spaceship and what ensues could best be described as " alien " -lite . 
 " lost in space " is major film production at its worst . 
those two films weren't bad , just not very good , but with zwick's latest film , " the siege , " he has finally made one . 
 " the siege " is constantly heavy-handed , not entertaining or insightful , and just goes to prove that not even the best actors can save a film that lacks a satisfactory screenplay . 
so back i sat , with minimum expectations of what the movie would deliver ( let's face it ; exactly how good can a live-action disney film really be ? ) . 
can something this awful truly exist in such an evolved world ? 
a security guard who is horribly injured by a pack of ruthless businessmen headed by scolex ( why , rupert everett , for the love of god why ? ? ? ! ! ! ) , who himself is transformed into claw by an unfortunate chain of events . 
the job of the film critic is to see a movie and write a review of it that tells you what it's about and why it's good or bad . 
mel gibson starred in " payback " a few years ago that had a story not unlike this one but had such a good screenplay you couldn't help but like him even though he was just as bad a guy as jack carter . 
the filmmakers did a good job in doing everything as unoriginal as possible . 
one of the best examples that hollywood now completely ignore these qualities is found in the new film where the heart is . 
this opus about the power of love and the redemption of family follows the tragic , and i mean tragic , life of novalee nation ( natalie portman ) . 
the directing is awful : it seems director matt williams had an index card with six angles written on it and used every one of them , over and over and over again . 
we get pathetic and ugly acting by natalie portman , who can do good work . 
taking two great comedic screenwriters , babaloo mandel and lowell ganz , and forcing them to write drama on par with oprah's book club . 
the story , if that's what you want to call it , follows ahmed ibn fahdlan ( antonio banderas ) an arabian poet who falls in love with his king's wife and is banished from his home land . 
thomas edison's " the great train robbery " ( 1903 ) was the first western ever made and " jesse james under the black flag " ( 1923 ) first introduced the outlaw folk hero . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " american outlaws " is a galloping , formulaic 3 . 
- stars are considered to be great dramatic actors by one reviewer . 
it would be hard to choose the best american political thriller . 
he is a free agent who seems to have really good instincts about how to stay alive the world of a professional killer . 
sam joins a team of four others : vincent ( jean reno of the professional/leon and mission impossible ) , spence ( sean bean , tv's richard sharpe , and also patriot games and goldeneye ) , and gregor ( stellan skarsgard of breaking the waves and good will hunting ) . 
some very good actors are involved in this film . 
maybe that is the secret of why such good actors took parts , since these are not very demanding characters to create . 
he has built a strong reputation with films like matewan and the secret of roan inish , and one of his best was his last film , lone star . 
he has , as a great humanitarian gesture , trained and inspired some of his best students to go into the mountains and make the world a little better for the poor indios . 
then he discovers one of his best students has instead returned to the city and runs a squalid private pharmacy . 
in shame and disappointment fuentes asks the student what has happened to the others . 
the student tells him the others are still in the mountains , but suggests that it may not be a good place to be . 
sayles certainly could have used 126 minute of screen time to tell us something more profound than that nasty things are happening down there and most of the worst happens to the unarmed civilians . 
federico luppi is the good mexican actor who played the antique dealer torn by mysterious forces in cronos . 
if there's a will , there's a way ; and i believe that anything , no matter how great or revered can be effectively improved upon . 
but what if the source material on which the remake is based isn't any good to begin with ? 
all kinds of good stuff ! 
there are , however , cool explosions , guns and chases which may lure a viewer into thinking that he or she is about to experience an exciting thriller of some sort . 
critique : extremely underwhelming is the best way to describe this movie . 
gary sinise does another great job , as does cheadle , the film doesn't completely bore you as much as it just moves along slowly without anything really interesting happening , and yes , the " sand-twister " effect that you see in the commercial is well done . 
there's a great movie ! 
the latter's the case with john mctiernan and " the thirteenth warrior , " which finally hits theatres a year and counting after its original spring '98 opening - and fast on the heels of mctiernan's " the thomas crown affair " remake , a flick that got good reviews . 
the good guys are loud , crude , often unintelligible and - judging from their highly icky hygiene habits -- pretty smelly to boot , which makes them perfect foils for the dignified arab ambassador ( antonio banderas ) who tags along quite reluctantly . 
this odd similarity between the two movies may best be explained by the studio that produced it , where " formula " isn't just business , it's a way of life . 
i kept expecting him to say or do something really funny and somehow save the film , but instead , he does the best he can with some really poor lines in a few unexceptional scenes . 
probably the best scenes in the film occur during the end credits . 
the " evil sidekick support group " is especially worth seeing , and has an amazing number of cameo appearances for the few seconds it's onscreen . 
there are some good performances , as usual , from sid james and kenneth williams in their standard roles . 
although her character is not directly involved with the main storyline , she manages to input a great deal of pathos and feeling into her character . 
the film suffers from annoying performances by bernard bresslaw and especially kenneth cope . 
in his carry on debut , cope overdoes his role as spanner making him so annoying as to be unfunny . 
joan sims returns as the love interest ( instead of barbara windsor ) . 
this carry on movie tries it best to entertain the viewer : - the locations and wealth of characters are appealing . 
the only two really good things that i can say about tarzan and the lost city are as follows : jane march was very cute as jane , and the movie was thankfully under 90 minutes in length . 
the acting is just plain awful . 
this film was filled with beautiful african scenery . 
then we have the special effects . 
 " special effects in a tarzan movie ? " 
in most parts , they weren't bad , just nothing special . 
the grand finale's special effects went right into the toilet at that point . 
even beside the tarzan comparison , instinct just isn't a very good film . 
i didn't hate it -- it's simply impossible for me to hate any film starring anthony hopkins ; furthermore , most of the acting is quite good . 
i can also recognize reasons for wanting to make instinct , and it's pretty clear that this could have been a good film with a massive script overhaul and a director less interested in imitating movies like patch adams . 
as i said , hopkins is captivating for every second he's on screen ; he has a way of convincing us that he's not acting , that he's actually a man who has just spent two years of his life living with a family of wild gorillas . 
nonetheless , these two actors are essentially the entire list of things that are good about instinct . 
unfortunately , filmmaking this inept can mangle the effect of even the best acting . 
note to reese : you were great in fear , what happened this time ? 
if you want to see a great keifer sutherland movie , go rent flatliners or young guns . 
reese witherspoon's abundant acting talents are used to their full potential in fear , a great thriller . 
you have a noble and brave good guy , who has to protect the innocent , kill the bad guy , and not get killed himself in the process . 
you've got to throw in something extra , something good and new and better than the last version . 
without that something extra -- whether it's a great plot or a well-written screenplay , or great special effects or great locations or great casting or great performances or great big hungry dinosaurs -- the movie fails . 
bruce willis is the bad guy , the jackal , a legendary killer for hire . 
richard gere is the good guy , a former ira assassin with a vendetta against the jackal . 
and just like in millennium , the bad guy has an overwhelming need to go after the people the good guy cares about , whether or not they are important to what he's trying to do or not . 
his disguises are good , but not as good or as interesting as val kilmer's in the saint . 
writing a good plot and a good screenplay , like i said , is hard , but it can be done . 
it is our job as consumers to reward good screenplays and to denounce bad and uninteresting ones . 
there are many good , respectable performances , from fishburne and neill most noticably . 
there are many nice special effects , mostly dealing with numerous common objects floating around in zero-gravity . 
the sets are beautiful to gaze upon . 
and while this film is awful , she manages to come away from it virtually unscathed . 
as a result , they all seem rather pointless ( although there's a brief role given to michael pare from eddie and the cruisers which turns out to be his best role since . . . 
this eerie opulence remains a dazzling display of showmanship throughout the entire film - there's even something macabre about the way khondji photographs a rustic , seemingly innocent new england autumn - but if there ever was a film that didn't deserve so good a polish , it's this one . 
they voice simplistic platitudes like " i like to come " or " sex without love equals violence " . 
i vaguely recall brad rowe as the sensitive one , only because his character gets the worst lines ( " sex without love equals violence " ) . 
it shows us none of the pleasure that should go along with it , and most of all , it fails to show us why its characters love making it so much if they seem to hate the act of actually doing it . 
after rather intriguing beginning and some interesting special effects that depict the futuristic settings of prison , this film soon starts sinking into mediocrity . 
lambert's performance is also good , but even the bigger talent couldn't help this film , destined to end in oblivion . 
a recently uncovered one-fourth of orson welle's planned " docu-drama " of amazing stories around the world named it's all true , this short dealt with welle's attempts to document the actions of several brazilian fisherman in 1942 who had become folk heroes for their fantastic voyage to rio on a raft . 
perhaps economic content is a better word--it certainly doesn't show capitalism in a good light . 
this film takes us back and forth over the east german/west german border with meier , an east german wallpaperer whose father in the west dies and leaves him a good deal of money . 
still , a good concept for the comedy , and the last five minutes are pretty funny . 
4 ) when an australian film only awards credit is best cinematography , watch out ! 
australia has good cinematographers up the whazoo , but since weir and miller left for foreign shores , finding a good script or director seems to be a difficult ( not impossible--witness malcolm last year ) task . 
it's as if the director was trying to do one of those classic romance stories that were done in the 30's about tragedy among the gentry , and falling in love with people below your station , and horses . 
unfortunately , said son , a reckless idiot who faints at the very worst times , kills his father and loses an arm during a racing accident . 
the photography is good , but i kept wishing for b&w--everything seems sepia-colored anyway . 
conrad has a special birthday present for his brother . 
phil , actually , has other motives : the beautiful park ranger jesse ( a . 
instead , the film inundates the audience with countless shots of people and/or cars rolling downhill in the forest , and with constant annoying references to other disney films . 
you'll have much better luck finding a good spot to surf in wyoming than finding entertainment in meet the deedles . 
stu miley is the genius behind the new phenomena " monkey bone " a crude comic strip , that everyone wants to merchandise , they go to great links to get it as well , including dollars that let out fart powder . 
the cast is decent however , brendan fraser seems to be enjoying himself in the role as stu miley , but becomes awfully annoying when monkey bone takes over his body . 
the special effects of " monkey bone " is what might really bring in some curious viewers , these special effects are highly effective , and nice to look at with the eyes . 
the direction by henry selick is good , but at times he doesn't know what kind of film he wants to make , and the ending climax falls off the cliff . 
it's too bad really , " monkey bone " could have been a real good movie , but with it's heavily done hack job , and lack of character development it just sinks when the end credits role . 
nobody in the country enjoyed the movie as much as my audience did ( and i don't necessarily mean that in a good way ) . 
neither actor had a great role , but their performances were watchable . 
worst and most unforgivable was the incredibly bad dialogue . 
second worst , and closely related , is the screenplay . 
they're mostly right , except that johnson ( will ) wasn't a good enough actor to carry it off . 
in star wars , the rebels were the good guys . 
one vaguely redeeming quality is that the end credits succeed where the rest of the film failed : it made lost in space look cool . 
this is overlaid on a cool jumpy credit sequence with interesting distorted clips from the movie . 
but if that's the best part of the movie , i can't in good conscience recommend it . 
so in the logic of the film industry a good way to make a profitable film would be to make a big-budget adaptation of another crichton science fiction novel . 
it a little better than just okay novel and it makes a film that is not even that good . 
director barry levinson is at his best with good actors rather than good special effects . 
most science fiction spectaculars these days have second-tier actors and first-tier special effects . 
i know this question has been posed before , but why do people keep remaking good movies ? 
the original was a great psychological horror film . 
unless you find obvious computer generated special effects frightening , then there's nothing in this film that will raise hackles . 
it's sad to see such an amazing cast wasted so badly . 
director luis mandoki's last film was the superb , serious 1994 drama " when a man loves a woman , " but his luck has ultimately run out with his latest picture , " message in a bottle , " which is the worst type of romance , a movie that tugs so relentlessly and violently at the heartstrings that it miraculously manages to dry out your eyes rather than tear them up . 
everything that occurs can be telegraphed way in advance since this same type of story has been done many times before---and much better---so there's an absence of suspense , and the film ultimately moves at such a very , very deliberate pace , as if it is trying to make great , " meaningful " statements and plot developments , that it just becomes a tedious bore to sit through . 
inside the bottle is an anonymous love letter addressed to a mystery woman named catherine , and theresa is so taken aback by its honesty and sweetness that she shows it around at her work and , to her objection , finds that her editor has placed the letter in the newspaper . 
if there are any positive things to say about " message in a bottle , " it is that the performances by robin wright penn and paul newman , as garrett's stubborn , but loving father , are far above par to be in such a wasteful , " shaggy dog " love story , and that the cinematography by caleb deschanel takes great advantage of the beautiful eastern coast , and paints chicago as an equally alluring city . 
the first half of " message in a bottle " plays like a hum-drum , trite television movie for the lifetime channel , as theresa spends a great deal of time " getting to know " garrett , with dialogue that is not the least bit stimulating or entertaining . 
there's a vague attempt to humanize li by having him fall in love with a downtrodden prostitute , whose daughter is being held hostage , for some reason , by the villain . 
this is one of the worst love stories i have ever seen on screen , even worse than the one in pearl harbor . 
if i were one of those arrogant critics who thinks his review has some great impact on the success or failure of certain films , i might say that i review movies that don't look particularly good because i'm doing a service to my readers by warning them against seeing it . 
there are some attempts at " characterization , " but all that means is that nick has a shady past involving a drug addiction , which puts kaela on edge , yerzy and danika have a relationship that requires them to make kissy-faces at each other every five minutes , and benj ( apparently gay ) is in love with the computer ( apparently female ) . 
good . 
when troy the creepy stranger shows up on the ship , of course both female crew members will fall in love with him . 
 " supernova " is pretty awful , but i'm cutting it a little slack merely because i expected less than what i got . 
if you expect it to be good ( for whatever reasons you may have ) , you'll probably hate it more than i will . 
even the special effects are fairly unimpressive , nothing you haven' t seen before , and suffice to say the script isn't going to save the film . 
they have two great kids , who sadly die in a car crash . 
 ( all sounding like good fun so far ? ) 
max von sydow is o . k as the traveller , if nothing special . 
cuba gooding jnr , thankfully , adds some bounce to his performance , and is certainly the best performer in the film . 
all the performers have to work with a soppy script , that tries it's best to get some emotion going , but never takes off the ground . 
while films like e . t used great actors , music and direction to pull of a masterful heart-tugging scene , what dreams may come is haphazard , expecting the emotion to come out of the scene automatically . 
richard matheson can write some awesome science fiction stories , sadly this novel would look embarrassed in a bargain bin , let alone being converted into a $70 million vehicle for robin williams . 
but there's one redeeming feature about this failure of a movie : the special effects . 
but despite this , what dreams may come , proves to be nothing but the biggest disappointment of 1998 . 
the bachelor is love among the mannequins . 
this religious quest is slightly disturbing for his parents ( dana delany and denis leary ) , but they do their best to cope with their son as he explores different religious faiths . 
he has several adventures with his daredevil best friend dave ( timothy reifsnyder ) , he gets his first crush , and begins to wake up to the world around him while he is on his spiritual journey . 
the actors who might have created a great cast ( o'donnell , leary and delany ) are wasted in roles that amount to little more than cameos . 
the nostalgic elements ( best friend , favorite teacher , first crush , etc . ) have been done much better in other movies , and actually seem more like filler here . 
wide awake can best be described as a failed experiment . 
alexander dumas' the three musketeers is one of the most often-adapted literary works , and for good reason : the swashbuckler is a legend rather than just a story . 
it's just awful : spiritless , silly and unforgivably boring , transforming the timeless classic into a mish-mash of old-as-time clich ? s and incoherent , repetitive action sequences . 
oh , and as an afterthought , d'artagnan falls in love with the poor maid at the local inn ( mena suvari ) . 
director peter hyams , known for such masterpieces of modern cinema as timecop and end of days , has jettisoned everything that was great about dumas' masterwork : the sense of excitement , cause , and camaraderie . 
with the musketeer we get the sense that it was meticulously crafted to be awful . 
a good chunk of never talk to strangers is spent upon sarah and tony . 
does queen julie lose her dignity for the sake of a good laugh ? 
consuming a corn dog is about the worst that it gets . 
also on stereotypical hand are a brainless jock , an evil cheerleader , a dorky-looking best friend ( " welcome to the dollhouse " 's heather matarazzo ) , a sensitive auto mechanic/musician , and marshall mainstay hector elizondo as joe the driver , imparting wit and wisdom from the front seat of mia's chauffeur-driven limousine at every intersection . 
a non-animated g-rated movie is a rarity these days but the rating here reflects the fact that all the guts , all the good stuff , has been exorcised from the finished product . 
any moves to ? glamorise' his life , which hollywood has an annoying tendency to do , will only subtract from his achievement rather than expound on his greatness . 
oh well , let's fantasise onwards an assume that he was a bit of a flirtatious play-write , who falls in love with a beautiful woman ( gwyneth paltrow ) and from her inspiration , several plays develop - ? romeo and juliet' , and ? the twelfth night' . 
another sore point is the fact that gwyneth won the best female lead , over a more polished cate , but i guess if you go on enough about your grandfather dying and your nephew being hospitalised - people will start feeling sorry for you . 
posh ( who garnered the most enthusiastic cheers during the introductions ) comes off best by default because her persona ( rich bitch ) most easily translates into character in a film . 
witness connor jumping into bed with the leader of the resistance -- where is the attitude of " who wants to live forever , when love must die " gone to ? 
the love sub-plot * must * have had footage cut out . 
putting our heroes in deadly situations and then having them walk away because of some new power is very annoying . 
to be fair one assassin tried this but he must be the world's worst shot . 
two assassins are sent , presumably they are meant to be good at killing but an aged connor kills them both with no problems . 
yet he still seems like no threat -- perhaps because he seems too stupid to threaten connor , or maybe because his two best assassins wouldn't have been amiss with larry , curly and mo . 
it is at best intrusive and at worst annoying . 
the acting is at best flat , except for mr . connery . 
it has a blade runner feel to it and some of the special effects are quite stunning . 
this is really sad considering how good the first fright night film was . 
never a good thing for a horror film . 
and yet , it's based on a real man who probably has a good point to make . 
while there , he notices that the doctors don't care about the patients , and that the best way to get through to the patients is to treat them like human beings . 
so , patch goes on a crusade to be a great doctor who actually talks to his patients . 
he goes to medical school , where he meets truman ( daniel london ) and convinces him that it's good to help people . 
you see , patch is a really great student . 
but patch doesn't think that memorizing facts is the way to become a good doctor . 
what patch never seemed to understand was the possibility that maybe , just maybe , it is a good idea to study first and talk to patients later . 
well if you are , than you will most likely agree with my rating of this film since it basically features a trio of annoying ladies bickering away on the phone for an hour and a half . . . only to make up and hug in the end . 
critique : this would be a good movie if it wasn't for the fact that it's got very little to say , features uncaring people sharing annoying phone conversations , is chockfull of bad acting moments and provides less emotional satisfaction than any third-rate after-school special . 
and diane keaton must've spent more time thinking about her role behind the camera in this one , cause her acting was amateurish at best . 
granted , they gave walter matthau the best lines in the film and that's probably where my rating of three points comes from . 
what's good about it : 
aside from keanu reeves giving one of the best performances of his career as the loathable redneck donnie barksdale , there is little else going for the film . 
what's not so good about it : 
not only do we get the usual tired sports chestnuts , but the banal rich girl-poor boy love story is tossed in for good measure . 
summer catch centers around ryan dunne ( freddie prinze jr . ) , a cape cod youth chosen to participate in the prestigious cape cod baseball league , supposedly a showcase for the best young amateur and college players in the country . 
he also , as we are informed early , his own worst enemy . 
as always prinze is pretty to look at , but his performance mainly consists of facial expressions : puppy dog love , heartbreak , frustration , self-loathing or determination . 
considering this , it is amazing how fulfilling and truthful " a sweet hereafter " was , not only concentrating on the school bus accident , but delving deeply into ian holm's character and his own personal demons , as well as the teenage girl . 
i could say the performances were good , but who's fooling who ? 
sounds great huh , well it's not . 
the other good part of the film is the sexual confrontation between arquette and rose mcgowan . 
it's continuously funny and has great characters otherwise i wouldn't watch it . 
the acting was good plus the jokes had humor and made you laugh . 
he's in the funny parts of the film but there aren't enough to make him look good . 
martin landau has a great cameo as a classic , hard-nosed wrestling trainer named sal that whips the king back into shape to regain his throne . 
but while the characters , places and events may have special meaning to the writer-director , the audience is left in the dark . 
the good thing about an actor turned writer is that oldman knows how to write good scenes , and the actors in nil by mouth have some meat they can tear into . 
a good character drama should mean something to those involved in making the film and the audience . 
some movies ask you to leave your brain at the door , some movies ask you to believe in the impossible to really have a good time . 
some movies fail at the box office but you manage to see why the producers thought it could have been a good movie , others are simply good ideas that are badly executed . 
survival instincts and a good dose of common sense seems to suggest grabbing the shotgun , which our hero does , but only after contemplating it for about thirty seconds . 
in actuality , dr . colon is homosexual as well and begins his special " treatment " on dick dickson ( unbeknownst to dick ) . 
instead of leveling the place he falls in love with lance ( alex boling ) and the two of them , along with april and her lover blatz , get married . 
as far as musical comedies go , isle of lesbos is no trey parker and matt stone musical , but a good portion of the songs are maddeningly catchy . 
 " i'm a lesbian " ( which is touted in the press release as being particularly popular ) is also pretty good , but a good portion of that could be due to the stellar singing voice of ms . smith . 
i , on the other hand , will be cleansing my palette with a good action film like gladiator . . . 
the little inside jokes and digs at other entertainment and particularly at kevin smith films are the best features of the film . 
 ( and it turns out he had very good reasons . ) 
if a film is just a chain of jokes it can only be so good and any entertainment value will succeed or fail based on how funny the jokes are . 
they were sort of the modern equivalents of naunton wayne and basil radford , the comic duo who showed up satirizing the english middle class in several good british post-war films including dead of night , the lady vanishes , and passport to pimlico . 
and this predictability isn't reserved only to those who have seen films like courage under fire or a few good men , it runs deep inside every one of us who knows to suspect someone as soon as they see their obvious guilty mug on the big screen . 
other scenarios which sponge out any tension , suspense or interest from this film include every single character eventually " breaking down " to the investigators without much reason given , a ridiculously placed background relationship between two of the lead characters , as much action as my grandparents bedroom nightly , and a directorial style that can only reward director simon west with a solid nomination for the " best poor man's michael bay doing his best poor man's impression of tony scott " ( add two scenes with sunlight shining through some half-open shades for grit and integrity , and an all-out rainfall for the finale for further chaos , and you're a great director . 
the imdb reports that when senator robert kennedy was shot at the ambassador hotel in los angeles on june 5 , 1968 , it was his good friend john frankenheimer who had personally driven him there that day . 
his best movie was one of the best of 1998 and that movie was entitled " blade " . 
the only good role snipes has really had was in 1998's " blade " . 
i walked into " the art of war " expecting a good , high octane thriller , and all i got was a pile of mush . 
christian duguay's direction is also not that great . 
even the whole " matrix " ending wasn't even good . 
anne archer who is usually good in her roles , turns in a horrible job here . 
if you really want to see a good version of " the art of war " , rent the wesley snipes and sean connery action vehicle of the same kind " rising sun " , it isn't a great film either , but at least it's better than this . 
the film sticks so close to the worn-out conventions of the " creature " genre that it is amazing anyone would spend the money and time filming it when they could be making an original film . 
the actors are all very good and have all proven their acting abilities in the past , but they are sorely wasted here and do not really even have characters to play . 
although 1998's " halloween : h20 " was also a disappointment , at least she was given a few scenes to develop a character , unlike here . 
the last of the three top-billers is william baldwin , but it is fairly hard to say if he is good or not in the picture , since he has nothing to do . 
it is not the worst of its type , but it is far from one of the best , and when exactly are studios going to give up recycling such shameless and overdone plot gimmicks such as this ? 
 ( and you thought the raptor slam was a cool summer movie move ? 
 ( those paying attention to her bikini- and tank- tops probably won't complain , however ) patric is the main man in motion and that's damn good , 'cause when he stops to talk , he's only slightly less monotone than his predecessor . 
there's no sweat-inducing motion of the ocean here-- just two hours of shaky handheld camera work and a handful of cross-cut exteriors , all leading up to the big slam , when the love boat sideswipes an oil tanker and then plows into a harbor town . 
o willem dafoe's amazing arm-mounted keyboard 
such a disappointment after such a brilliant start . 
the actors are all quite good with ms . danielle cormack as liz being particularly impressive . 
this is not to say that topless women talk about their lives is not a good film . 
i guess it was all just too much because this turned out to be the biggest flop of the year and it could of been great . 
anders wrote and directed the tale about a coven of witches ( madonna , valeria golino , alicia witt , and ione skye ) , which was the worst one out of all of them . 
the third room ( antonio banderas ) was the best roomm , about two rambunctous kids that trash a hotel suite . 
this movie is the worst film of the year and the film could have been great , perhaps like a more upbeat " plaza suite , " but it wasn't . 
p . s . " four rooms " made number 1 on my top ten worst list of 1995 . 
the drawing room farce of the 30's dealt with sexual innuendo and relied on wit and a great deal of commotion and noise to place the viewer in the thick of the duplicitous romantic action . 
back then , impossibly wealthy scions of society , with too much free time , would get themselves wrapped up in all sorts of sexual peccadilloes with spouses and lovers , only to have everything come out all right in the end - see " the philadelphia story " for a great farce . 
there is , obviously , a great deal of hollywood talent , in front of and behind the camera , involved in " town & country , " but , without a likable or , at least , interesting story to carry through their efforts , it is all for naught . 
porter stoddard ( beatty ) is a high-powered new york architect with a very good life indeed . 
his wife is suspicious of his whereabouts , his kids don't need him and his best friends , griffin ( garry shandling ) and mona ( goldie hawn ) , are in the midst of a divorce . 
the actors do their best , but are hamstrung by the weak material . 
also funny : bonnie hunt as grace's best friend megan and james belushi as megan's husband joe . 
although it's rare to see him in a movie that premieres in a theater , belushi delivers his lines with great comic skill . 
rounding out the impressive supporting cast are david alan grier as bob's best friend and robert loggia as marty's brother-in-law angelo . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the watcher " is an appallingly awful , amateurish 2 . the real torture is watching it . 
brit love story in the offing . 
chance brings the two together , and love , such as will inevitably blossom in your quirky british romantic comedy , is what this skewed little story is largely about . 
i'd rather enjoy obvious camp than endure the shallow exploration of a soft- hearted transsexual love story . 
by refusing to make the audience really uncomfortable with the notion of kim and prentice's relation- ship , or at the very least feel uncomfortable for them ( prentice for example , doesn't seem to give hiself all that much grief when he becomes attracted to kim despite being a fight-picking , beer-drinking , macho kind of guy , and kim , for all her insecurities and fears is always saved any truly disturbing victimisation in the film ) , and instead drawing them into a basically wimpy love story , the film manages to lobotomise itself . 
and best of all , kim sheds her insecurities and learns how to ride the motorcycle and wear leathers , making prentice ride pilion . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
he is renamed , for reasons unbeknownst , spawn , and granted a really cool costume that enables him to become something of a human chameleon . 
 " good vibrations " ? 
 " i love l . a . " ? 
in the film , bean is constantly moaning , grunting , whining , etc . it's annoying , and just plain wrong for the character . 
with each episode of the series there would be dozens of really great laughs crammed into less than 30 minutes . 
sadly this like other movies this year wasn't good . 
from the opening credits i had a good feeling this would be bad , and well i guess i was right . 
with bad excuses for acting , a horrible screenplay and straight-out bad direction 'the bachelor' is a terribly unfunny movie that doesn't work on any levels accept that fact that rene zellwegar who does give a good performance . 
the two cameos by brooke shields and mariah carey are also good with brooke being the best . 
the movie is troubled from the start because chris o'donnell is hugely miscast and gives one of the worst performances to date . 
even the supporting roles of artie lange , hal holbrook and ed anser aren't even good . 
the plot was a good idea , but the script would have to have been written in less than five minutes and by a five year old . 
even though chris o'donnell gave an ok performance in the two batman movies , he does not give even a remotely good or funny performance here and i wanted to boo and throw my pop at the screen to get rid of him . 
her sister played by marley shelton is also good and the two have good chemistry onscreen . 
'the bachelor' works on no good levels and in fact doesn't work at all . 
chris o'donnell is not as bad an actor as casper van dien but that is not saying a great deal . 
he seems held back and really doesn't get into his character much and after even the first 30 minutes gets annoying and old . 
even though some may think of this as a good date movie , most who see this will want to pull out thier hair and scream for thier money back . 
i did not have a good time and i laughed only three times . 
being one of the worst movies of the year , we can be sure that i hope they will not make anymore stupid unfunny romantic comedies , and if they do they i give up on filmmakers . 
i didnt just dislike it so much because the plot was awful ; most of the acting was very average or the special effects got tiresome after 5 minutes of painful viewing  but also the fact that every tedious ingredient thrown in attempts to give this pointless dribble some meaning . 
alien resurrection , a good example of a film that really gets up my nose , is not so much a discouraging experience but an off putting one . 
if you think im struggling to find one good aspect about the film , then you thought right . 
if this isn't a good reason to avoid picking up hitchhikers , i don't know what is . 
most bad characters are either annoying or stupid . 
you're supposed to back the good guys , but you really end up cheering for sarone because he's smarter than everyone else . 
even voight appears to be doing his best impression of christopher walken for some reason . 
with director peter medak , whose previous credits include the good films let him have it and the krays , and top-notch character actors gary oldman and lena olin , they seemed likely to be a successful combination . 
gary oldman plays jack grimaldi , a good cop turned bad , selling information to the mob and cheating on his wife . 
it's not a boring film , just not a good one . 
basic instinct's worst crime is that it's not just a bad movie , but in many ways , an incompetent one as well . 
their plight involves standard cop-corruption stuff , as our would-be protagonists catch wind of an internal cover-up after their superior ( reliable dennis farina , one of the best things here and gone so quickly ) gets killed and framed for drug trafficking . 
characters are non-existent ; present are just some good-looking young things modeling cool levis and cooler attitudes . 
i can't recall a previous film experience where the fairly good time i was having turned as sour as quickly as it did during feeling minnesota . 
feeling minnesota is a film that made me feel violated , as though i had trusted writer-director steven baigelman to bring me a cool glass of water and instead he threw acid in my face . 
it does a great job of setting up jjaks' unstable life , a life which has landed him in trouble for petty crimes and always trying to please his family ; reeves' wounded look is just right for jjaks . 
plot : a rich psychiatrist with a great home life gets his cute daughter kidnapped by some bad guys who want him to extract some information from the mind of one of his nutty patients . 
pretty good premise , no ? 
watching her delivering lines was the funniest part of this flick- but it wasn't supposed to be ) and michael douglas' cool " regular guy " part , there would be little reason to remain seated until the end of this picture . 
incidentally , can anyone please give me one good reason why esposito's character was in this movie in the first place ? 
either way , i don't give a rat's ass because this movie is a dog and that's unfortunate because it actually did have some good points going for it . 
the boy in question , a smug italian college kid named fernando ( libero de rienzo ) is a real piece of work , claiming that the experience is a declaration of love while begging for a blowjob . 
if one is inspired to rescue this young performer and place her in a better movie , at least she fares better than the other young talent asked to perform in intense love scenes that might feel justified if they weren't so dramatically misguided . 
i've always been a kevin kline fan , silverado , fish called wanda , pirates of penzance , and even his hamlet on pbs' great performances . 
he loves poetry and great literary works , but his class is more interested in his famous former student , played by matt dillon . 
kline is hounded by a gay reporter played by tom selleck , who waxes poetic on the benefits of coming out , while at the same time doing his best to exploit the situation for his own sleazy tabloid machinations . 
the budget of this movie * could * have given us over thirty movies ; it could have paid for six years of a prime-time sf tv series with expensive fx work , or ten years of an sf tv series with good digital fx . 
most of his movies are successful not because of the film making behind them , but because they let sandler do what he does best without a stupid plot to drown him out . 
there's a hilarious running joke featuring a female doctor who previously worked at hooters , and the film features passable performances from sandler , joey lauren adams ( as the love interest ) , and the two young boys , but the film on the whole is trite and disappointingly unfunny . 
the first film was smart , exhilirating , and one of the best disaster films i had ever seen . 
deep impact doesn't just have implausibilities , it also contains cheap human drama , incredibly horrible special effects , and a poorly constructed plot . 
the only thing that gives it a half star above my bottom ranking is a slightly entertaining final fifteen minutes and some good actors making the most of their characters . 
to put it simply : the special effects of this film are a hit and miss situation . 
t ? a leoni ( bad boys , tv's " the naked truth " ) is the best of the film , and she is given the meatiest role . 
elijah wood also comes off rather successfully , but he still hasn't had many good roles ( wood , stick to drama ! 
a special note should go to ron eldard and denise crosby . 
eldard is good in his role , but is limited by the plot . 
crosby is special to me personally because she was tasha yar from tv's " star trek : the next generation . " 
this is one of the worst films of the year , and if it is any omen of things to come , this summer could be one of the worst ever . 
costing nearly $75 million , with special effects done by the illustrious ilm ( which is a huge shocker ) , and with a score composed by oscar-winner james horner ( titanic ) , one might have expected this to be more fun to witness and experience . 
she is clearly a talented , charismatic actress , but has never been given a good role in her life , usually having to settle for a one-dimensional supporting character , as in , 1997's , " nothing to lose , " and , " addicted to love . " 
either way , it was an awful lot of work to go through , just to come up with a final product as featherbrained as this project . 
they're obviously films for which the studios have no great hopes ( having missed both the deadline for academy award eligibility and the big box-office holiday season ) . 
combine that with howie long's first starring action role , and you've got a doozy of a movie that , while not as bad as it could have been , isn't a very good film . 
however , after a month of oscar-caliber pictures , a movie like firestorm at least gives you some perspective on how good those movies really were . 
in fact , there's a good chance that some of them are still playing near you . . . 
same goes for she's all that , a formulaic but enjoyable pygmalion adaptation that got unjustly pounded . 
briefly meeting as pre-teens and now attending the same college , the two bump into each other so many times that eventually they become best friends . 
the dialogue is probably the worst i have ever seen in any movie , mainly because the whole movie depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words these characters use is what hollywood thinks kids can relate to . 
is it really as good as i think it is ? 
unfortunately , to get to the good stuff you have to sit through a painfully long set-up , loads of tedious filler , interminable shots of jeff goldblum stammering and twitching , a superfluous romantic subplot and quite possibly the most annoying performance of robert loggia's career . 
if ever a movie screamed " wait for video so you can fast-forward through all the dull and annoying parts , " this is it . 
after some script gymnastics , g appears live on the air at the good buy shopping network , wreaking havoc on the cheesy product demonstrations , enraging network owner mr . mcbainbridge ( loggia ) , and becoming a national media sensation . 
 " holy man " also tries to present a story of redemption , as ricky hayman tries to decide whether to exploit g's good will to achieve financial security or do the right thing at the expense of his career . 
the one genuine asset in " holy man " is eddie murphy , who gives a charming performance , sharing love , good will and relevant advice to all those around him , while beaming his million dollar smile at just the right moments . 
as his potential love interest , kelly preston tries to brighten things up , but she transforms from an all-business media shark to an empathic softy far too quickly and the abrupt change reeks of contrivance . 
g suggests that we focus on enjoying the moment and that's the best way to do so . 
the villain here is noticeably lacking , the special effects are ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily complicated , and the script is non-existent . 
the title sequence is so good , so ominous and original , that it had me engrossed before the picture even began . 
it's a disaster , a listless and uninspired disaster , that just barely misses one-stardom because of a few good sequences , a mercifully short running time , and one terrific set of opening credits . 
there are a few good scenes , though , such as an interesting trip through an insane asylum ( this is , however , the most forced scene in the film , for how our heroes get there or why they bother are things we never learn ) . 
stahl and holmes both show they have talent , but the direction isn't good enough to hone in on their skills ( stahl's performance seems more like a parody of high school potheads ) . 
none of these characters expand beyond their one dimension , and , frankly , watching cardboard cut-outs of human beings run down hallways while screaming just isn't all that cool . 
i'm surprised there were producers who read this script and thought that it would make a good film , or that it would make a lot of money at the box office . 
it's not boring , or even blatantly awful , but it's an uninspired lump of a film . 
3 . is the movie any good ? 
is the movie any good ? &nbsp ; 
and , once again , we have one of the worst films of the year . 
todd mcfarlane , the creator of the spawn comic book , must have had a tough time sitting through spawn , for his creativity and themes about resurrection and loss of identity were all being jettisoned in favor of reliable special effects , style over substance , ambience over anything else . 
not only does spawn rely entirely on special effects , the story , about a bewildered individual who must take on a group of * bad guys * and * find himself * in the process is realized in such a sordid , incapable manner , it becomes indigestible after a while . 
al simmons ( michael jai white ) , a government agent/assassin shares the love of his wife , wanda ( theresa russell ) and daughter , has a tongue-in-cheek , wiseass partner , terry ( d . b sweeney ) and is content with the job his boss , jason wynn ( martin sheen ) , provides him . 
continually the film kept on depending on special effects , and sadly , this is how pictures are being made . 
for good measure , " ghostbusters " had the comic talents of rick moranis ; " evolution " offers seann william scott , who was much funnier in " american pie " and " road trip " than he is here . 
scott has one amusing scene where he sings " you are so beautiful to me " to a dragon-like alien to draw it into a trap . 
along the way , both of them fall in love with the same woman--another transit cop who also hates her boss . 
given a better script , better performers in supporting roles and a shorter running time ( the film almost went for two hours--or did it just feel like it ? ) , this film might ( and i mean * might * ) have turned out okay , but as it is , it is stocked with the worst action film cliches , whose only purpose appears to be to pad the film out to its painfully long running time . 
he sounds like wayne newton , and appears to think the best way to appear evil is to have your eyes bulging as though they are about to burst out of their sockets ! 
but good stunt-work cannot save a bottom-of-the-barrel action movie . 
a backdrop of new year's eve in 1981 would seem to lend itself to a great party movie . 
there's courtney love , cementing her reputation as a serious actress ; christina ricci , hot off her shoulda-been-nominated turn in " the opposite of sex " ; paul rudd , who gets even more appealing with every role ; kate hudson , inheriting some fine acting genes from mom goldie hawn ; and affleck brothers ben and casey , two of the best things about " good will hunting . " 
maybe it looked good on paper . 
 " 200 cigarettes " is composed of a series of vignettes , as various characters make their way through new york's festively decorated east village to a holiday bash thrown by a jittery bundle of nerves named monica ( martha plimpton , all dressed up in her best cyndi lauper ) . 
among the potential guests are likeable cad kevin ( rudd ) and his best friend lucy ( love ) , busy bickering over his recent break-up , and a clumsy but seemingly charming bartender ( ben affleck ) who opens his mouth only to spew forth bad pick-up lines . 
the film boils down to a mixture of the good , the bad and the gaudy , with the latter two overtaking the former . 
game performances - especially by love , rudd and plimpton - are almost shot down by the bizarrely colorful parts and a constantly roving focus , here a combination that mostly sputters when it should crackle . 
but before he can do that , he must find a good home for his dog . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
what makes this film such a grand disappointment is the tremendous line up of talented people involved with the film . 
his best performances are still on " e . r . " . 
his robin needs nothing more than a good spanking . 
the special effects ( by john dykstra ) and production design ( by barbara ling ) are the primary stars of this film . 
the special effects have that strange cartoon look that most rushed cgi effects have . 
mr . schumacher is a good director . 
i have never seen a man so in love with himself than george lucas . 
even the special effects seem rather bland . 
sw : phantom menace is one of the worst films of the year so far . 
 : - ) without a believable performance between them , all we can do is sit back and watch the atmosphere , which is pretty good in places . 
the vr sequences are way cool , but the physical fx--such as miniatures and mattes--leave a lot to be desired . 
there is no question that besson can make a great * looking * film ; with the assistance of cinematographer thierry arbogast , he has created a film chock full of moody close-ups and evocative lighting . 
but besson flirts and teases the audience with the idea that he's going to show them a forbidden love story , while choosing simply to focus his camera on portman's rear end and dress her in skimpy clothing . 
a great deal of the time , the professional is just plain sleazy , and all the soft filters in the world can't disguise that fact . 
on the job , sonia befriends ramon ( allen payne ) , a cool blast of hunky puerto rican water who does his own jewelry designs when not working as a grunt in an upscale jewelry store . 
the love story has been played up in the ads , perhaps hoping to catch people before they recover from titanic-fever . 
one of jaws' great scenes involved the would-be-ahabs drinking and singing songs and telling stories . 
 " she's all that " has the dubious distinction of being the worst movie i've seen so far this year . 
there's not one original or interesting character in the film , either , and if that wasn't bad enough , there's not one good performance featured . 
it's not entertaining , and it's not even a good time passer . 
i do not know , but i wish it hadn't been done , considering wing commander is definitely the year's worst film so far . 
the trailer for the phantom menace was certainly the best part of the movie experience i had tonight . 
this was definitely his worst performance to date . 
after january's she's all that , i actually saw a good actor in freddie , but now all those visions have been crushed . 
his character as stu in 1996's scream ( a+ ) , was a great one , but now , it seems like that same role is being played again , only in a space movie . 
the other things which are very bad about wing commander are the special effects and the music . 
the special effects are very unrealistic . 
the music also felt like video game music , and it was very corny and annoying sounding . 
beyond an ability to use skin-diving gear , no special talents are required of him . 
it is not a great plot . 
basically , we don't like these ego-driven , stereotypical characters , let alone root for them to unwind their romantic entanglements , and joe roth's direction is predictable , formulaic and telegraphic . 
there were a few scenes that tried to be great scenes that tried too hard and just fell flat . 
gene hackman is very good . 
mare winningham makes the best of a small role as wyatt's second wife . 
annabeth gish is good as wyatt's first wife . 
she looks great but her dialogue sucks . 
catherine o'hara and jobeth williams are always good and totally wasted here . 
this is the worst movie that i have seen in years . 
the joke , of course , is that his films are so bad , they're good ; so humorous in their inanity that they become hits . 
i don't think either director aris iliopulos nor ed wood realized that this would have made a glorious 20 minute short . 
there's nothing inherently wrong with that , in fact , i think it would only make sense for someone who has been so " good " at making unintentional comedies to take a stab at a real one . 
synopsis : sullen julie james , still haunted by nightmares of the killer ben willis from i know what you did last summer , perks up when her new best friend karla wilson wins a trip for four to the bahamas . 
so too is jennifer love hewitt . 
jennifer love hewitt is a very good-looking young leading lady ; however , unlike neve campbell , hewitt struggles with acting . 
this puts many young males , including myself , in a paradoxical quandary : she's very attractive , but the annoying , spoiled , valley girl-type character she tries to play here is annoying to the extreme and ruins many of the scenes which emphasize , exploitatively , her figure . 
in particular , one character , a chain-weed-smoking guy , is obnoxiously annoying and certainly doesn't die soon enough . 
so , all that's left to talk about here is jennifer love hewitt and brandy . 
as a hot-shot defense attorney , kevin lomax ( keanu reeves ) has a special talent for picking juries that will ultimately acquit his clients . 
and , on top of that , he's a damn good trial lawyer . 
the draw of fame and his desire to prove just how good he really is begins to isolate him in his own hell . 
as with all thing's involving the devil , you can expect nothing but the worst . 
this is the worst movie i've viewed so far in 98 . 
the question is what could have gone wrong with a potentially great idea with big name cast ? 
if there is a movie you would prefer never to see , i believe the avengers would be a good choice . 
a suave , cool , collected , rich , uptight bad guy = cliche . 
though the plot description may at first seem like it came from the pen of elmore leonard ( author of out of sight , as well as jackie brown , get shorty and pulp fiction ) , after you watch it , you realize that it's not nearly good enough . 
only during the sequence aboard the ship ( looking an awful lot like the jupiter vessel in " 2001 " ) where the rescue team's air begins running out and they must frantically search for the hole and patch it up does " mission to mars " come to life . 
there is only one good thing about the way " mission to mars " finally ends : the fact that the movie is over . 
for most , it's a time to be with your loved ones and enjoy a good , home-cooked meal . 
someone somewhere thought it'd be a great idea to pair her with rapper ice-t , who has since guest-starred in the made-for-the-sci-fi-channel series welcome to paradox . 
well , it teaches us that beautiful , attractive women who look strikingly like alyssa milano fall in love with nerds who drive down long winding roads with their eyes closed and complain about being english teachers . 
on the upside , natasha henstridge is in this film , and she does what she did best in species -- she gets naked . 
actually , there's a couple of pretty good jabs at the spice girls . 
if you don't know by now , the spice girls sing songs of love and friendship and responsibility and girl power , yet dress like streetwalkers from a lower middle class neighborhood . 
mark mckenney also is good as a screenwriter trying to pitch film ideas to the band's manager ( richard e . grant ) . 
the best moments of the film are in the opning scenes where kurt russel's character todd is shown growing up under strict military supervision . 
the whole idea of the inhuman , soldier-type character gaining some degree of humanity by defending a potential female love interest and family from his evil counterpart out to kill her is done , and it's been done much better . 
even in this aspect the film is a disappointment . 
however , it utterly failed to go in any new directions after that , making the film a big disappointment . 
he manages to overcome crisis after beginning romantic relationship with beautiful model anabelle ( laurence treill ) . 
murphy stars as scott roper , a hostage negotiator for the san francisco police department who is exceedingly good at his job . 
worst of all is a plot structure which places the main villain ( the always menacing michael wincott ) behind bars for far too long , leaving a lot of time to kill with the tedious reconciliation of scott and veronica . 
a big , busy boxing satire with a surprisingly paltry punch , the great white hype stars samuel l . jackson as a shameless boxing promoter whose plan to boost sagging pay-per-view revenues is to " invent " a white contender ( peter berg ) to challenge his black heavyweight " champ " ( damon wayans ) . 
the dialogue is the best of this mess , lines like jon lovitz exclaiming " i cannot make caviar out of fish eggs ! " 
writers tony hendra and ron shelton also do good on the street slang , though we never hear enough of it . 
the great white hype * almost * turns around at the end , at the big match , when hudlin attempts an extended gag of rock-concert proportions . 
the basic plot was delightfully silly enough to sustain my interest somewhat ; dr . evil ( mike myers , in the second of his three roles ) , having constructed a time machine , goes back to the year 1969 in an attempt to snatch austin power's " mojo " ( don't you just love that word ? ) 
when austin gets wind of this ( after a great intro explaining the absence of elizabeth hurley's vanessa kensington ) , he too travels back in time to re-claim his sexual drive , accompanied by the hot-to-trot felicity shagwell , played by heather graham . 
 ( the mushroom-cloud explosion is a knock-out and easily the best part of the movie . 
my opinion on a film can be easily swayed by the presence of actors i love . 
i love ralph fiennes . 
i love uma thurman . 
i love sean connery . 
i didn't know and love john steed and emma peel , and therefore i was not as upset to see how these actors i love have managed to thrash their roles . 
the special effects aren't bad , but they're loud , obnoxious , and intrusive . 
i stopped thinking about the story when i realized it didn't do any good to think . 
oh , it makes me weep with disappointment . 
we're talking ralph fiennes here , one of the best actors working today , one of the best actors * ever * . 
i love the guy . 
perhaps , although i can see a shell of a story here that could have been a good superhero movie had it been handled right . 
his best film , benny & joon , is quirky in the same way that this one was supposed to be , but here it mostly seems like a lot of failed attempts at wit and humor . 
add to that a lack of experience in big-budget action , and you have the worst choice for director this side of james ivory . 
but this stuff is routine -- good sets and music are nice , but there's a lot more that needs to be here . 
and big special effects . 
unbeknownst to the patients , the good doctor is actually conducting his own cover project that has to do with the psychology of fear . 
sure , it creeped and spooked me out a little here and there , but on the whole , it took waaaaay too long to get going , provided very little meat in the plot , went way past its own bedtime , and basically relied on grunts , the muttering of children's voices and over-the-top special effects , to scare us . 
don't get me wrong , catherine zeta was sweet window dressing ( despite my continued perception of her faint mustache-see entrapment ) , and owen wilson was good as the standard " comic relief " , but come on people , if you're going to have us sit through two hours in a theater with these folks , how 'bout giving them a little more than one-liners as dimension . 
it's all too sad , cause certainly the " idea " seemed like a good one ( see the shining ( 9/10 ) for a close to perfect example of a creepy gone awry ) , but the story was thin , the conclusion was laughable ( be gone . . . poof ! ) and the special effects ? 
well , they sure were nice to look at , but not for a moment did one of them scare , or even for a split-second , have me believe that they were anything more than hollywood special gadgetry . 
see it for zeta-jones , or if you like special effects and scary movies that take forever to get going , and provide very little payback , otherwise skip it and check out the original or the ultimate movie about spooky homes from the netherworld , the shining . 
actor bruce dern , who plays the throwaway role of the gatekeeper in this film , was once nominated for an oscar for best supporting actor for his role in coming home . 
a slightly-neurotic scientist ( nice twist ) , dr . dan jackson ( james spader , doing his best outside of erotic thrillers and some indy fare ) who's life sucks so much that people walk out of his lectures after the third word . 
after an overdone special effects thing , they're . . . inside a goddam pyramid . 
the special effects are okay , but nothing great . 
evil , also played by myers ) in the present day , had a great deal of potential . 
don't get me wrong , i like a good " bubbles in the bathtub joke " as much as the next person , but to have this type of humor be the funniest thing about your movie is a waste of yuor talent and my money . 
the story deals with the love affair between tenley ( jessica biel ) , a wealthy cape cod girl and ryan ( prinze ) , a local boy from a working class family who dreams of becoming a big-time baseball star . 
in an early barroom scene , blucas , best known as demon-fighting riley finn from " buffy the vampire slayer , " hears a young woman compliment a guy on his ass , then turns to teammate matthew lillard and states , " he does have a nice ass . 
sick of hearing teammates make " fat chick " jokes , he climbs on top of a table and loudly declares his love of amply-sized ladies . 
there is no special ingredient on the menu for what is dished out , its the kind of stuff i've seen before and was made nauseous by its silly idea of love and what it thinks is funny . 
the best you can say about her , is that she's not to blame for this picture being so off . 
this exploitation of sex film without even delivering nudity or sex , is in my opinion , worst than a raunchy film that delivers what it says it will . 
the story is all about the love , motion sickness , and cooking ability of isabella ( cruz ) , who is born in bahia , brazil and learns to cook at an early age from her parents' cook . 
she is able to control it now as long as she doesn't drive a car , ride elevators , follow in dancing , and is the woman on top when making love . 
in her small fishing town she falls in love with a handsome macho latin waiter , toninho oliveira ( murilo ben ? cio ) and marries him . 
to cast away her love for the irresistible toninho , she calls her spiritualist friend and gets her to cast an irreversible spell , freeing her from ever loving him again . 
you can really write the script from here on by yourself . . . as the despondent toninho begins to realize what a good thing he had , but things continue to go bad for him : there is a curse he caused on the fishing in his village , there is no chef to replace his wife , as the restaurant is about to close for good . 
when he sneaks on her tv show set and tries to woo her with his musical group and him singing corny love songs to her , the ratings go up and he's hired as a regular on the show . 
its more like a futile commercial film that is more annoying than charming and more dull than chic , as it searches for box office heaven . 
in the end , we are supposed to witness heyst renounce his philosophy and finally come to an understanding of what it is to love another . 
alma is supposed to have overcome great emotional barriers in the relationship , namely heyst's underlying philosophy of detachment , which heyst himself grapples with . 
the struggle against heyst's ignorance of true human involvement accounts for much of the greatness of alma's love for him . 
the delicately inter-woven complexities in the love story are lost to an inadequate production . 
at the end of the film , we are told that perhaps alma's victory was in teaching heyst how to love . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
after the setup , in which the robinson family--father john ( william hurt , looking and sounding as spaced out as he does in interviews ) , mother maureen ( rogers , wasted ) , daughters judy ( heather graham , ditto ) and penny ( a heavily made-up chabert , looking like a junior version of neve campbell in wild things ) , and son will ( young newcomer johnson , making the best of it ) --and pilot don west ( leblanc , doing a bad han solo impression ) find themselves lost in space after their ship is sabotaged by evil stowaway dr . smith ( a watered-down but still-lively oldman , cashing a paycheck and loving every minute ) , the script's " stream " of events becomes so fragmented and random that it seems to be made up as it goes along--and hopkins does little to make what does go on the slightest bit interesting . 
there are good scripts out there that high-profile actors can make ( see the truman show , for instance ) . ? 
i feel so good about this story . ? 
don't get me wrong -- six days , seven nights is not a boring picture ; ford and heche both do a great job . ? 
and reitman , who has made some good films , at least tries to make things exciting . ? 
the ones that are here are as bad as they come ( i think i let out a very audible groan when they get the first glimpse of the pirate ships ) , and i'd just like to shake the producers by the shoulders and scream , " why did you pick this awful script ! ? " ? 
1998 so far has been one of the worst years in recent memory for summer blockbusters . ? 
good actors should sign to good scripts , and if hollywood insists on making flicks to rake in cash , they least they could do is assume that we'd like to spend our money on a story worth more than ten cents . 
i was expecting a goofy good time , complete with bad dubbing , science fair level sets and a ludicrous plot line . 
you do get all of the " so bad they're good " traits so normally associated with the franchise . 
it's like watching magnolia all over again-except without the good writing , keen sociological insight and aimee mann songs . 
the dubbing is nice and awful , with murata sounding like he's in constant need of a cough drop . 
capsule : one of the ten worst movies ever made . 
i could see myself showing this movie to friends and getting a good jolly guffaw out of it , if it weren't also insanely xenophobic and insulting . 
they are the two best things in the movie ; in every scene they have authority and presence , and they actually look like they belong here , even when dressed in full samurai armor and wielding bows . 
someone once said that the key to good art -- good movies , good books , whatever -- is to start somewhere interesting , end up somewhere interesting , and show respect for the audience all along the way . 
gordie boggs ( arquette , aptly cast as a moron , as he is one ) and his best friend sean dawkins ( scott caan . 
he was then fired and rehired two months ago , but by the time he'd left , they had already been contracted to do the film , and bischoff could not play sinclair ( which , in itself , is for the best , as anybody who has seen him on wcw programming knows that bischoff is no actor ! ) . 
giving appealing actors a script in which their appeal _is_ the movie makes for unexpectedly awful films like loser . 
they're two conscientious kids who love animals and homeless people , so clearly they belong together , even if paul is a loser . 
that hope dissolved the moment heckerling underscored a sequence of paul in the throes of unrequited love to simon and garfunkel's " scarborough fair/canticle . " 
 " earthquake " has got to be one of the worst movies of all time , but at least they had the joke of having charlton heston sleeping with genevieve bujold . 
and the actors are all good ones . 
tommy lee jones is great , an oscar winner , and a member of the men in black ( my vote for what should be the coolest movie of the summer ) . 
anne heche is a good indy actress . 
and gaby's one of the few good teenage actors . 
they do their best , god bless them , but they're all lost in the fake magma ( only don cheadle gets an interesting part and he's the greatest part of the film ) . 
in " independence day , " the best part ( other than judd hirsch ) was watching the white house and empire state building get blown up by the aliens . 
that was cool . 
as i already stated , don cheadle was great and the cast does their best . 
and there's this really moronic scene which looks cool . 
here's the cool sight : he melts . 
cool sight . 
but cool sight . 
if you want to see a cool disaster flick that's inane but interesting , rent " the towering inferno " with steve mcqueen , paul newman , and the schweppervescent o . j . 
the movie starts with a rather se7en-ish opening sequence , rather cool and sets the mood for things to come . 
which is actually quite good . 
i'm sure the guy's good , and he seems like a nice guy on talk shows , although a tad haughty , but these movies he makes are all the same : a guy who is basically indestructable , is maybe wounded supposedly mortally , then comes back with a vengeance and goes buddha on all the baddies asses ( although i kinda liked " under siege " ) . 
but this one has a special place in my heart . 
this doesn't mean it's good or that i even liked it . 
seagal is rescued by some inuits , and falls in love with one of them , played by joan chen , who can act , hypothetically , but , for some reason , not here . 
i'm a huge john woo fan , but he paints his films with suspense , skill , style , depth , characterization , and just plain cool violence . 
then at the end , he spends a good 10 minutes giving a speech , just in case you didn't get the message from the trailers . 
michael caine , who's a great actor , is just supposed to yell and look cold . 
sci-fi is always a tricky beast : tight script , a good director , an ensemble cast of decent actors , and the ability to suspend even the most difficult of disbeliefs . 
unfortunately , it's not bad in the way great , colossal misfires like " heaven's gate " ( 1980 ) or " ishtar " ( 1987 ) were bad . 
with all the good scripts lying around hollywood un-produced , how does needless drek like this make its way to the big screen ? 
of course , tarzan is one of the most filmed characters in all of motion picture history - he has appeared in over forty films , which have ranged from the very good ( 1984's " greystoke : the legend of tarzan , lord of the apes " ) down to the really bad ( 1981's " tarzan , the ape man " with bo derek ) . 
the script , by bayard johnson and j . anderson black is about as formulaic and generic as they come . 
however , when a wicked archeologist/grave-robber named nigel ravens ( steve waddington ) begins hunting for the fabled lost city of opar , one of africa's last great secrets , the witch doctor of an ancient african tribe summons tarzan back to the jungle . 
there is , however , a lost pyramid , which i suppose is all the resource-strapped fx department could come up with ( the special effects are not worthy of a made-for-tv movie ) . 
i also wondered what the make-up department was thinking when it outfitted him with that awful circa-1983 steve perry haircut . 
however , amidst all this complaining , i do have one piece of good news . 
but that still does not make for a really good science fiction experience . 
mars has been mostly terraformed so that humans can walk on the surface without breathing gear ( which is good for the film's budget ) . 
these are standard haunted house film shock effects that require no great talent to give the audience . 
russell mulcahy ( highlander ) is a director with some style , and indeed the real mccoy looks reasonably good , but he completely stumbles in the editing room . 
tempted . but i'm pretty good at resisting temptation . 
the supporting cast consists of all wooden characters who give their roles a cartoonish flavoring : chaja's parents are given no human shades , while the janitor villain was a particularly annoying role that was one-dimensional and falsely acted . 
the film brazenly uses little simcha to get across its agenda of pointing out how the patriarchal world can be cruel when it can't love : it starts out by showing how under chaja's loving care he's taken to the duck pond and soon starts jabbering away , beginning by saying 'quack , quack' and then going on to ask the four questions during a passover seder . 
chambers has the boyishly handsome good looks for the character , a la chris o'donnell , but lacks any onscreen charisma . 
stephen rea looks good in the part of the conniving usurper cardinal richelieu , but is given very little to help flesh out his character . 
tim roth is the kind of bad guy you love to hate as the cardinal's chief henchman , febre . 
when the film couldn't get any worse , thankfully some nice special effects pop up . 
having been produced by the same guys who made " mary , " " irene " seems like an even bigger disappointment . 
 ( think charlie and irene will fall in love ? 
it's a great showcase of flexibility and split-second role-shifting , but none of it is terribly funny . 
but i don't believe it -- good filmmakers find ways of surprising their audiences even after people have grown attuned to their style . 
if the farrellys are indeed good , smart filmmakers ( and i still think they are ) , they'll rebound just fine . 
the two best things in this movie were ethan embry and marisol nichols as the griswold kids , who manage to have a couple of their own adventures . 
rusty becomes a vegas high roller , providing most of the film's best moments . 
which brings me to the best moment of the film . 
[theater rating : * * * : good seats , sound , and picture] 
sara claims to love him , but says if he forgets the wedding again she'll stop loving him ( a sign of childish attitude the film denies it has ) . 
unfortunately , the flubber , like all the special effects in this film , looks very fake and unconvincing . 
quick cuts , cool music , claire dane's nice hair and cute outfits , car chases , stuff blowing up , and the like . 
sounds like a cool movie , does it not ? 
the film is best described as a cross between an hour-long cop show and a music video , both stretched out into the span of an hour and a half . 
with the young cast , cool clothes , nice hair , and hip soundtrack , it appears that the film is geared towards the teenage mindset . 
it is clear that the film is nothing more than an attempt to cash in on the teenage spending dollar , judging from the rash of really awful teen-flicks that we've been seeing as of late . 
i can't really say if clooney ( who regardless was better than kilmer ) was a very good batman or not . 
schwarzenegger is awful , i mean really , really bad . . . 
i love his movies most of the time and the basic reason is he never says much in any of them . 
which brings us to the performances , of which there's nothing good that can be said . 
she actually looks scared during her one love scene . 
they're all members of a barbie playset : the important film director who swoons , " billie , i'd love to put you in a movie i'm making , " and the big-time record executive who takes billie's demo tape and says , " oh , i'll make sure the whole team listens to it in the morning . " 
walsh ) fantasizes about the babysitter ; the mother fantasizes about her husband's best friend . 
the thug , in the meantime , proves that he's evil through his annoying habit of smashing half-empty beer bottles all of a sudden and for no apparent reason . 
critique : a mind-fuck movie for the teen generation that touches on a very cool idea , but presents it in a very bad package . 
which is what makes this review an even harder one to write , since i generally applaud films which attempt to break the mold , mess with your head and such ( lost highway & memento ) , but there are good and bad ways of making all types of films , and these folks just didn't snag this one correctly . 
the actors are pretty good for the most part , although wes bentley just seemed to be playing the exact same character that he did in american beauty , only in a new neighborhood . 
overall , the film doesn't stick because it doesn't entertain , it's confusing , it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime , despite a pretty cool ending and explanation to all of the craziness that came before it . 
lucas was wise to start his star wars trilogy with episode 4 : episode 1 is a boring , empty spectacle that features some nice special effects . 
anakin is annoying and unlikeable . , 
although his floppy features will no doubt be great for stuffed toys , the lines and actions he is given are painfully unfunny . 
the only good laugh is when his tongue is burned by a 'pod' racer , because i knew he wouldn't be able to talk for a while . 
the main claim of the film , the special effects , are okay . 
even with two good actors , and a solid actress , they only manage to weaken the story . 
concentrating on the atmosphere or a particular key moment , won't do any good if everything else is in need of support . 
this film ( in a way akin to films such as " a few good men " ) has already been accused of breaking the rules of morality and ethics and even of racism . 
i believe that friedklin is a director that is absolutely depended on great scripts and talented producers in order to succeed . 
though both jackson and jones act admirably , with performances that are as good as you get with a script like this , it is not something that these great actors can boast of . 
his mom home-schools jimmy , filling his head with wildly twisted conservative propaganda and anti-sexual messages , until he's befriended by chloe ( marley shelton ) , the beautiful girl next door . 
jimmy falls in love with chloe , but is afraid that his love will literally kill him , as evidenced in a scene when she drunkenly tries to enter his bubble for a kiss . 
but when chloe decides to marry her high school boyfriend , jimmy builds a bubble suit and embarks on a hijinks-addled cross-country voyage to stop the wedding by professing his love . 
they even manage to bungle some potentially great moments with a group of carnival freaks . 
alien 3 ( the " 3 " should be in superscript ) is a sad and wan entry in what was shaping up as one of the best sf sagas ever put on screen . 
the supporting actors are also not given a lot to do : the doctor ( charles dance ) and another , rather religious inmate ( charles s . dutton , very good ) , hiave presence , but they're not asked to do anything with it . 
in light of the impending sequel , which apparently plays fast and loose with the ending of this movie , i will not talk about the ending -- except to say that they found a remarkably good ending for such a drab movie . 
okay , how about with this : starship troopers is one of the worst movies to hit theaters in a long time . 
in fact , it might even be the worst * major * release film to come out in years . . . 
there's a good chance you'll regret it . 
here we meet the group of horrendously bad actors and actresses playing obnoxious , easy-to- * despise * -with-a-passion characters that have love triangles , love rectangles , and love hexagons screwing up their life . 
so , if you're willing to possibly put yourself through torture , go ahead and see it , and decide for yourself if you love it or hate it . 
i don't know how anyone or any * thing * could love this movie , but hey , to each his own . 
this is possibly the year's best intense action film , or at least * one * of the best . 
movies don't come much more ridiculously titled than " i still know what you did last summer , " but since the movie in question is best described as ridiculous , the title sort of works as a warning . 
probably not , but that's precisely what college student karla ( pop diva brandy ) does to best friend julie ( jennifer love hewitt ) , resulting in the first in a long line of phony frights . 
they discover that an alien lifeform has arisen from the rock and is evolving at an amazing rate . 
 " evolution " is a movie more concerned with its special effects ( which are quite good ) than anything resembling a consistently funny script . 
and the story is so formulaic , it could have been written by monkeys . 
part of what made " ghostbusters " so wonderful was a combination of a great script and characters the audience could root for . 
it's now the anniversary of the slayings of julie james' ( jennifer love hewitt ) best friends . 
she can't concentrate on her schoolwork , can't get a good night's sleep , and is even frightened by the shadows and the blinking strobe lights at a local dance club . 
but was this contest too good to be true ? 
the resort is filled with a skeleton staff that seemed like love boat rejects . 
but the body count soon starts to rise , and for julie , it's going to be the worst vacation of her life . 
the execution and style is different , which makes this film mediocre piece of entertainment at best . 
the actors are good , though - leo rossi is fine as usual , and william forsythe plays one of more compelling villains in his career . 
signy coleman as dietz's love interest , is , on the other hand , quite miscast . 
d'artagnan and his new frisky love interest/chambermaid francesca ( mena suvari ) play footsy and coo at each other as the cardinal hunts down the musketeers until finally the queen ( catherine deneuve ) ends up being captured by the menancing febre , forcing the musketeers to regroup , with d'artagnan leading the charge , and save the day . 
for all of its flash and style , l . ron hubbard's science fiction epic is the earliest and best entry for the dullest summer film of 2000 . 
some of the film _looks_ good , but it also looks so familiar . 
