well , another popular phrase of the 90's is " all good things must come to an end , " and this stays true for oscar as well . 
charles walks in on amy and oscar having a drink one night , as oscar and amy have become great friends , but he doesn't seem to mind . 
neve is delightful as her conflicted character , who feels love for oscar , but knows , based on rumors , that he is gay . 
the bottom line : three to tango is a light , sharp , snappy romantic comedy with a superb ending , and great stars . 
in fact , it's actually good . 
not the original good , but what's great about it is that it doesn't necessarily retread the original or capture the same exact spirit as it does become entertaining for the same exact reasons the original was entertaining . 
they learn about eachother's lives in detail , they make sure they look alike ( which requires hair cutting and , notoriously , ear-piercing - a scene which is like the kiddie version of the hypodermic needle scene in " pulp fiction " ) , and when the end of summer comes , they switch and hope for the best . 
she makes a great protagonist , and it only helps that the supporting cast is equally appealing . 
instead of the bickering that ensued in the original , the film adds another dimension and another angle to their characters that was amiss in the original : during the opening credits , we see glimpses from their courtship on the qe2 , where they fall quickly and madly in love with eachother , and when back together again , the film's more smarmy scenes come off as actually sentimental , but in that great way , not the migraine-inducing way as in many such films . 
this all brings this new " parent trap " to a level of entertainment that hasn't really existed since , well , the original film years ago , still my money the best live-action-disney flick of all time . 
this is because it has a form of intelligence and wit that makes such plot points as an otherwise standard villainous love interest subplot ( a gold-digging sharon stone type , played by elaine hendrix , who's deliciously tormented by the twins later on in the film ) a treat instead of a bore . 
i liked the way the parents fought over past dilemnas and then fought over falling in love again better than i liked watching two old flames getting back together over a bottle of wine - somehow , feuding is always more cinematic and pleasing than mere reminscing , a lesson extracted from the howard hawks/cary grant films of yesteryear . 
as such , this remake may never be nearly as great or classic as the original film , but it at least knows how to treat its source material with dignity and respect , and how to create virtually the same effects without bordering on plagerism or petty annoyances . 
oh ! and in case i don't see you , good afternoon , good evening , and goodnight . 
 " good will hunting " is two movies in one : an independent take on the struggle of four boston pals and a traditional hollywood , " prodigy child " film complete with upbeats , downfalls , sporadically moving situations and plenty , plenty of shtick . 
unusually directed by gus van sant , " good will hunting " overcomes the banalities of its story by affirming the emergence of fresh , new talent . 
the core of the " good will hunting " is damon , who infuses the script ( co- written by " chasing amy's " ben affleck ) with just the right amount of warmth , sensitivity and humanity to accentuate his position as a refreshing multi- talented performer . 
his rich , complex character is the pulp of " good will hunting . " 
 " good will hunting " exposes the lack of profoundness of deliberately schmaltzy storytelling , but , unlike " little man tate " or " phenomenon " , it doesn't set up its story in a black and white , point a to point b be manner , but as the saga of an extraordinary individual whose feasibility for success doesn't automatically signify he must make easy , familiar choices , like the protagonists in the aforementioned . 
the film is about two individuals who have come together , spent a good chunk of their lives together , and shows when our main characters are " him " and " her " ( during the bad times ) , and when they are " us " ( during the good times ) . 
ben and katie now only see and live with each other because they don't want to devastate their children with the fact that their parents no longer , or at least say they don't , love each other anymore . 
if it wasn't for the first 15 minutes that the writers wrote , which are rugged and certainly flawed , the story of us would have been this year's best picture . 
bruce willis , a usual action/adventure star , has certainly turned himself around in the past year- he went from being a man who was being typecast to the same role in action movies , to a distinguished , sophisticated actor , as in last summer's the sixth sense ; and now in the story of us , willis shows the world what he can really do if he is fed a good script . 
dimitri realizes that he can never win her love as he is a commoner , and meanwhile , rasputin is not dead , and plots his revenge against the last romanov . 
there is a great deal of banter between anya and dimitri that is very funny , and their relationship develops quite naturally as the film progresses . 
and that's the worst thing that can happen before viewing a movie . 
all i can say is go watch this film , because it is a fine portrait of a family that sticks together , through the good and the bad . 
the character of stuart , while obviously a computer generated image , grows on you as the film progresses and you'll soon see him as much more than a mere special effect . 
there is also a great deal of animal training involved with this film , as many of the " supporting cast " are actual cats ( with computer animated mouths so they can speak ) . 
there are some great laughs in the movie ( with a script co-written by the sixth sense's m . night shyamalan no less ! ) , 
kids and parents will love this one . 
movie fans will enjoy the informative first commentary track , serious animation buffs will love the second one . 
kids won't care about most of the special features on this dvd , but those of us who can sometimes be turned into a " kid at heart " thanks to a winning family film sure appreciate them . 
this is the way to do dvd , a good movie loaded with great features at a reasonable cost . 
before you read my review , you gotta know that i love woody allen . 
i love most of his films , but will admit to having been quite disappointed by his recent crop during the 90s . 
soon thereafter , jewels are stolen , words of love are exchanged and everyone is looking for an answer . 
the sets , on the other hand , were amazing , the production design and costumes were perfect , and the casting ideal , so i kept hoping that the film would pick up and not turn into yet another mediocre outing for the man . 
i also appreciated how allen played the fine line between homage to the films of old , parody and actual reinvention ( note theron's entire female persona that is drenched in film noir- very cool ) . 
of course , films like this ( with little or no real tension in the plot ) need solid actors to keep you interested in the quick-fire dialogue , and once again , allen does a great job in playing his character , who for once , isn't his typical new york jewish neurotic cheating insecure husband dude . 
anyway , she's really great in this film as the headstrong woman looking to a new era of equality amongst men , and doesn't miss a beat of allen's fast-paced dialogue . 
i didn't care much for her running joke about him " dying " whenever he left a room , but overall she was really good and i especially liked the way that her sweaters clung to her breasts as they did . . . yum , 
a great looking picture with a nice jazzy score , some funny one-liners , especially in the second half , a decent plotline , although you shouldn't expect a real mystery or anything , and some solid acting all around . 
i can't say that this is even remotely close to any of allen's best work , but i certainly believe it to be a step in the right direction , especially after the dinky decade of films that he just went through . 
little known facts about this film and its stars : annie hall ( 10/10 ) - celebrity ( 5/10 ) - everyone says i love you ( 5/10 ) - husbands and wives ( 9/10 ) - mighty aphrodite ( 5/10 ) - small time crooks ( 7/10 ) - when harry met sally ( 10/10 ) - you've got mail ( 4/10 ) 
it may seem a tad boring , but it is so intriguing that you will fall in love with the film right from the start . 
the hype , whether good or bad , always focused on carrey's ability to do drama . 
i do not think he was the best actor , but he deserved the nomination . 
despite carrey's greatness , the best performance in the truman show undoubtedly is turned in by ed harris , who plays the " god " of truman's world . 
the action moves at a good pace , and rarely gets sluggish . 
maybe your brother is an actor , maybe your best friend is in heated contract negotiations to stay on the show . 
some of the best parts of the film are when truman ventures into the wrong elevator and sees cast members drinking coffee and talking . 
jim carrey shows that he is not just a man of a million faces , but a legitimate actor who could go down as one of the best . 
and , if that were all there was to " brokedown palace , " it wouldn't be a very good movie . 
presented as a perfect blend of yin and yang , dark and light , is her cautious best friend , darlene ( beckinsale ) . 
the prison authorities demanded good hygiene , provided medical care when needed , and " hard manual labor " consisted of picking grass ! 
i believe i could make a good case for the interpretation that the person who attains freedom , incarcerated or not , by film's end is alice . 
one of the strongest aspects of the film is in its portrayal of the relationship between leila and reza , who married only three months after their first meeting , but obviously love each other very deeply . 
although seemingly unimportant at first glance , an early sequence where leila and reza are eating dinner and both are laughing , nearly uncontrollably , actually is one of the most vital moments in the first half , as it unmistakably sets the boundary for their unrequisite love for one another . 
ditto for another scene in which reza gives leila a large stuffed animal for her birthday , and then reveals a beautiful necklace he has also gotten her . 
ward russell's cinematography is very good . 
i don't know if the shot is faked in any way , but it looks dangerous , and it looks great . 
the visuals of the scene are good , but what makes it so surprising and frightening is the sound . 
even so , duchovny and anderson are an interesting pair of actors and a good combination . 
both are easy on the eyes and together , they have some good timing , banter , and energy . 
critique : " i feel like shooting myself in the head " are the first words that came out of my mouth after seeing this movie , a good indication as to what kind of film to expect here . 
in fact , i guess i can pussyfoot around the actual word all i want but the best way to describe this kind of movie is a " mindfuck " . 
and one thing this film doesn't have , unlike its hollywood-ian counterparts like the haunting , is special effects . 
another great thing about it is that it's actually very gory and somewhat violent in theme , and yet we rarely see anything of the sort on the big screen ( it's mostly implied , kids ! ) . 
but overall , this film is yet another great example of the horror genre making a very cool comeback this year with no tight tanktops in sight . 
star trek : first contact ( pg-13 ) anyone familiar with the series of star trek movies knows of the " even-odd pattern " --the even-numbered installments of the series are good while the odd-numbered ones are , well , not-so-good . 
the other half of the title--first contact--refers to a subplot that takes place on 21st-century earth , where riker , troi , and laforge meet legendary scientist zephram cochran ( james cromwell ) , who is about to embark on the first warp speed flight in human history , which directly leads to the first contact with extraterrestrials . 
for one thing , death-as-pitt falls in love with hopkins daughter , played by claire forlani . 
a severe editing job could have made this movie excellent , instead of just good , which is what it is . 
i believed his performance , and i could see why forlani's character would fall in love with him . 
and in her first major studio role , claire forlani is surprisingly good . 
so , " meet joe black " is a good movie hampered by it's ridiculous running time . 
had the film been cut by an hour or so , i have no doubt that i would be calling it one of the best movies of the year in this review . 
even better , i didn't think either one of these films would be any good from first instincts . 
the best parts of u-571 are when tyler is forced to make impromptu decisions on how to escape seemingly impossible situations . 
kind-hearted julie ( jennifer love hewitt ) , and outsider ray ( freddie prinze jr . ) will be headed off to college , while helen ( sarah michelle gellar ) , who has just been honored croaker queen in the town , and her ignorant jock boyfriend , barry ( ryan phillippe ) , are going to new york to become an actress and football player . 
perhaps the best character is that of missy egan ( anne heche ) , a lonely backwoods woman whose brother was the one julie thinks they hit . 
 " i know what you did last summer , " could have been a great horror movie if not for a few problems . 
in the main roles , hewitt and gellar are highly talented , and hewitt , especially , is one of the best screamers i've ever heard . 
she honestly could give jamie lee curtis a little competition for the best " scream queen . " 
although not up to the level of either " scream " movies , or the more recent , " urban legend , " " i know what you did last summer " is a respectable , smartly-scripted slasher film that firmly proved good horror movies were once again being made . 
while in prison , victor learns bulgarian from an inmate and learns to love the bible , quoting from deuteronomy thereafter not unlike the way by which david and sancho refer to themselves as " guardians of a sick flock . " 
the movie is all style , all visuals and attitudes , quotable lines and posturing -- and it delivers all those things consistently and with great brio and pacing . 
spielberg manages to make even the slowest scenes sparkle with focus on hounsou , and the film's extraordinary power is simply captivating . 
a good job all around . 
locals have turned this mass hysteria into a great business opportunity , selling twig-sculptures , stones and dirt like those in the movie , and the exasperated local sheriff patrols the woods with a bullhorn , shouting , " get out of these woods and go home ! 
the last member of the crew is erica , a young beautiful witch-wannabe , who constantly quotes from the wiccan lore , saying " the first rule of wicca is , do no harm , because whatever you do will come back to you threefold . " 
it resorts to fancy cinematography and special effects to create the right effect and doesn't always succeed . 
a lot of good casting decisions have gone into the making of " the cider house rules , " an adaptation of irving's poetic 1994 novel about a restless young man called homer wells . 
but with " the cider house rules , " the good people decisions don't end with the cast . 
using " ultimate reality " - with real bullets , real people , and real terror - demented and his crew of misfits attack a mall theater , terrorize the maryland film commission and crash a movie studio shooting a certain sequel to a really annoying tom hanks film . 
it's like bowfinger , only , you know , good . 
overall , the ride is fantastic ; it's one of water's best films to date and this year's fight club for filmmakers . 
labute's script does a good job in characterizing mary and barry as individuals , but is very light on chemistry and connection between the two . 
obviously , this is the theme , which is enhanced by the actors' good performances , but at the same time seems just a bit hollow . 
labute never really answers , but since the film is more concerned with the payoff than the process , it still makes for good drama , tension , and manip ulation so intricate and deceitful it's fascinating . 
the battle scenes are amazing ( second only to " saving private ryan " in my opinion ) . 
they're brutal , horrifying , and at times beautiful due to the amazing cinematography . 
although restricted to a relatively small role , sean penn is also very good as the company's pessimistic seargent . 
i highly recommend both of them , and consider them to be the two best war movies ever made . 
 " the faculty " is another smart and pop-culturally hip film from williamson , although it does not equal up to his best film , the original " scream , " and rodriguez , whose " from dusk till dawn " is still one of the more original genre films of the 90's . 
although not one of the best horror or science-fiction films i have seen , " the faculty " is still an exciting and worthy film that dimension films was smart to release around the holiday season when this type of genre offering is usually not released . 
in the comic , they don't bother cloaking the identity of the ripper , but screenwriters terry hayes ( vertical limit ) and rafael yglesias ( les mis ? rables ) do a good job of keeping him hidden from viewers until the very end . 
oscar winner martin childs' ( shakespeare in love ) production design turns the original prague surroundings into one creepy place . 
ians holm ( joe gould's secret ) and richardson ( 102 dalmatians ) log in great supporting roles , but the big surprise here is graham . 
the film , however , is all good . 
the following that it has gained is not suprising -- this is probably , thus far , the best film of the decade . 
this eqsuisite , beautiful film is a rare gem . 
it does a good job of summarizing why i love movies . 
a great wall ( 1986 ) can be called a culture sketch , as opposed to a character sketch because it gently compares a chinese american family to a beijing family . 
during the story , = judas is the closese ally of jesus : his betrayal , argues the film , was = not out of hate , but out of love , in order to allow christ to die . 
the visuals are also amazing . 
the = message of christ is confused between love and violence , and the film = merely tells us jesus is great , instead of showing us his greatness . 
travolta is great in his role and even though he's not a really likable character , he's trying to be a nice guy despite the fact he's a creep . 
the ending itself is great . 
it's surprising and funny and makes you feel good . 
i liked it , and i could see it again - isn't that what makes a movie good ? 
women exist here to look good , comfort the man , and get argued over . 
frankly , this is a pretty good movie , if you can accept the premise and can take the macho stuff . 
the cinematography is excellent , the cast of characters is broad and has texture , the script is quite good , and the film lets you keep up with what's happening yourself , without spelling it out to you . 
in all fairness , it should be noted that those who love this film greatly outnumber those who hate it . 
after their date , which seems to rather smoothly , things take a turn for the worst at the hands of vincent's high-priced heroin , dubbed a " monster " by lance . 
each story continually progresses , and new and amazing events occur . 
pulp fiction is definitely one of the best films of the decade , and possibly of all-time . 
you will never feel as if you just walked in on the third act of some great opera . 
exciting , scary , great special effects ( unlike other summer movies the effects do not take over the movie and are only there when it is really necessary ) and good performances . 
when i compare it with last summer's movies the best way to describe it would be : take the excitement and great score from face/off and the deadly use of sound from event horizon . 
she has a couple of good scenes with duchovny , but she gets kidnapped during the last half hour of the movie so she does not get to do much . 
cool effects ? 
it's good some . 
strangely enough , i think that fans of the series will hate this movie while non-fans will have a good time . 
rating : four and a half out of five stars for the best movie yet this summer , several jump right out of your seat thrills , many " whoah , i never saw that one coming ! " 
one of the best movies i've ever seen . 
i'd heard extremely good things about this movie , and though the previews didn't really intrigue that much , it was a movie i'd been anticipating for a few months now . 
osment gives the best performance i've ever seen from a child actor . 
and with the simultaneous re-appearance of his best-friend from high-school and object of his unrequited love ( tim dekay ) , now divorced with two young sons , the fact of his homosexuality must be faced . 
this fable about home and family is a major debut for first-time film-maker thomas bezucha ( a former designer for coach and polo/ralph lauren ) who is meticulous about minding details , using ballads like " welcome to my world " and " achin' , breakin' heart " to set up the concept of our universal longing to find a place in which we can love and be loved . 
dealing with themes of forbidden love , religious intolerance , subordination of women , sexual freedom , and the roles of pleasure and sin in a high-cultured society , it still feels like brightly lit fluff . 
the story centers on veronica franco ( catherine mccormack ) , a lower class woman who falls in love with marco venier ( rufus sewell ) , the son of wealthy aristocratic parents ( jeroen krabb ? and joanna cassidy ) . 
unfortunately , the culture of that time period did not view marriage as an act of love -- rather , it was more like a business transaction , where rich families married their sons and daughters to each other in order to secure power , wealth , and ensure that outsiders couldn't get in . 
veronica , despite her charm and good looks , is certainly an outsider . 
after a short love affair , marco breaks her heart with the news that he cannot marry her . 
however , because she is beautiful and intelligent , veronica has a chance to enter marco's world , albeit not as his wife . 
a courtesan was not a mere prostitute ; they were afforded a special place in society , and they were greatly revered , respected , and often envied . 
in many ways , their relationship is sad because marco is married to a women he is unable to love , and veronica is consumed by multiple relationships with men she is unwilling to love . 
 " love the love , not the man , " as her mother told her . 
he has the same kind of unusual good looks and charm of ray liotta , and he seems perfectly at home in period dramas . 
platt is a good actor , but he's just too hard to hate . 
his directing style can be best described as transparent -- it never gets in the way of the story , yet it has no discernible flourish or particular distinctions . 
it's a good story well-told with interesting characters , but it's easy to shrug off once you've left the theater . 
while maurice on the other hand falls madly in love with sarah , and would do anything for her . 
it's a deep dark tale of the jealousy that lies in the two men , unhappiness , and the ever lasting love . 
with great performances by ralph fiennes ( doing another english patient type of film , only this movie is better ) and julianna moore who definitely deserves an oscar because out of all 5 films she did in 1999 , i believe this was the role , she had the most passion for , and you can see why . 
it's not the typical romance , in which a guy finds a girl , they fall in love and all is well , this is more complicated and depressing . 
this is definitely one of the best films of 99 , and had some of the best acting , most notably by moore . 
this is a good year if you want plenty of sci-fi on your multiplex . 
not a good sign . . . 
they really are eye popping , with some great models to boot . 
the acting is quite good , with some occasional witty moments . 
sam neill does a good job as the scientist that increasingly becomes more and more disturbed as the search continues , but a tip of the hat goes to laurence fishburne who leads the team , in a cool , calm , take no nonense manner . 
the idea behind event horizon is certainly a good one . 
it's very enjoyable and has some amazing visuals . 
he joins political strategist richard jemmons ( billy bob thornton , looking an awful lot like james carville ) , and campaign advisor daisy green ( maura tierney ) . 
the extra length isn't long enough nor tiring enough to be annoying , but it mars an otherwise excellent film . 
conversely , imam constantly contributes any good fortune to allah . 
special mention should be made of vin diesel , who intriguingly conveys feral menace combined with a truly mesmerizing presence . 
while most kids' movies take the position that every person is special and has an extraordinary destiny to fulfill , in " toy story " buzz discovered that he wasn't special , that he was just like everyone else . 
in other words , it's okay to be ordinary if you have love and a purpose in your life . 
overall , though , i had a great time and found " story 2 " to be a worthy successor to the first " toy story . " 
and of course with its storyline of a crazy girl and boy in love who turn to violent bank robbery , the film unapologetically takes its place alongside all those other films from bonnie & clyde to natural born killers . 
they fall in love and marry , but pam's increasingly erratic behaviour ( going on spending sprees , slashing herself with a knife after an argument ) begin to trouble the solid and stable chris . 
but it is the character of pam who commands centrestage , and ashley judd rises to the challenge with great alternating currents of ferocity and tenderness , making pam into a fascinating yet often infuriating person . 
judd doesn't entirely avoid this pitfall , but pam's 'craziness' is best and most movingly presented in counterpoint to the more 'normal' chris . 
indeed , as in mcnaughton's seminal film henry : portrait of a serial killer , it is the avoidance of glamour or sensationalism , the denial of some of the standard thrills of the outlaw film genre , that gives this determinedly unflashy , moving film its great strengths . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
the disappointment comes in the fact that we've come to know the pair , yet we don't get to view their impending romance . 
the film's inherent belief in the subtle persistence of fate and the wonder it can bring to one's life makes " next stop wonderland " a quiet pleasure in a cinematic landscape littered with explosions , shallow characters and overdone special effects . 
the man behind the camera is harold ramis , whose credits include ghostbusters ( as writer and star ) , and his best directing effort , the bill murray vehicle , groundhog day . 
and near the end , seeing billy crystal attempt to walk and talk like a mob boss is truly a special treat . 
for schrader this film was nice opportunity to expand the subplot of his previous work , taxi driver - one that deals with the great generational divide that tormented the american society in 1970s . 
on one side we have an old america that sticks to the puritan ideals of hard work and strict morals that made that country great . 
in the first scenes , he is portrayed as nice family man who actually doesn't deserve to experience parent's worst nightmare . 
a thriller set in modern day seattle , that marked marky mark's migration from the " good vibrations " and " calvin klein undie ad " guy , to mark wahlberg , thespian-at-large , and a mighty good one at that . 
critique : ever wonder what would happen if your better half turned out to be someone other than the person that you had come to cherish and love ? 
he completely captured all the goodness , and badness , of the main character of this film , and always kept me wanting to see more and more of him ( his performance scored him a solid nomination from his core target audience , as " best villain " at the 1997 mtv movie awards ) . 
good point . 
all in all , the movie kicked some fun ass , mindless as it was , and effectively demonstrated every parent's worst nightmare . 
mind you , i still can't tell if reese witherspoon is good looking or a douchebag , but hey , life goes on . 
in essence , good will hunting is an ordinary story told well . 
taken as a whole , there's little that's special about this tale -- it follows a traditional narrative path , leaves the audience with a warm , fuzzy feeling , and never really challenges or surprises us . 
so , while good will hunting is far from a late-year masterpiece , it's a worthwhile sample of entertainment . 
like scent of a woman , which was released around this time of the season five years ago , good will hunting is about the unlikely friendship that develops between a world-weary veteran and a cocky young man . 
and , as will advances his self-awareness in sessions with sean , he also learns about friendship from his buddy , chuckie ( ben affleck ) , and love from a harvard co-ed named skylar ( minnie driver ) . 
 ( note : since smith co-executive produced good will hunting , it's not out of the question that he had some input into this scene . ) 
many of the individual scenes are strong enough to earn good will hunting a recommendation , even if the overall story is somewhat generic . 
arguably the best dramatic work in the actor's career ( alongside what he did in the fisher king ) , williams' portrayal could earn him a best supporting actor oscar nomination . 
like most of what comes before it , the ending of good will hunting is completely predictable . 
good will hunting does both , and , as a result , earns a rating commensurate with the " good " in the title . 
the only problem : the novel wasn't very good . 
but the director realized that , no matter how pedestrian the prose , this book really grabbed people - that the author , while not a great writer , was a fantastic storyteller . 
but the parallel does suggest that it is possible to create great cinema from questionable source material . 
like puzo , grisham is a better storyteller than a writer - unlike fellow hack michael crichton , who is a good idea man but who can't tell a well-constructed story from a can of spam . 
this is what a great director can do for questionable source material . 
but there are true moments of riveting suspense , and great performances by branagh , davidzt and downey jr - more than enough to see you through . 
the greatest of all knights , he was flawed only in his love for arthur's wife , queen guinevere , and it was that illicit affair that eventually caused the downfall of camelot . 
it's been a good long while since we had a good old fashioned thriller , where mostly everything goes right for the audience and wrong for the characters , but it's been even longer since i saw a thriller that actually * shock * cared for the characters , not merely judged them but actually allowed their human foibles , flaws , and strengths to emerge so radiantly . 
i'd saw that it's been at least a couple decades , even as far back to the great hitchcock thrillers , though i'm hardly comparing " a simple plan " to , say , " rear window " or " strangers on a train . " 
yet it's almost as good . 
in short , probably the best piece of direction raimi's ever done , demonstrating once again that sometimes the simplest way to do something yields the best results ( for further proof , watch " persona " 's " sex scene " and witness what may be the best scene ingmar bergman's ever done ) . 
the final third of the film spends much time with him , and many of the touches upon his character , not only by thornton but also by screenwriter scott b . smith ( adapting his own book , by the way ) are just great . 
thornton is absolutely brilliant in this performance , by far the best performance he's ever given and further proof that he's the best character actor in contemporary cinema ( if you don't believe me , go back and watch his wonderful performance in " primary colors , " a performance that would have been nominated for an oscar if this hadn't been in the same year ) because he's easily able to slip into a character , and make him completely and utterly believable . 
the rest of the cast is great too , from paxton's declining working man to chelcie ross' amiable town sheriff . 
and the occasional narration is , as it usually is , annoying ( narration should be used with extreme caution , especially when you're trying to set things up and/or express emotions - didn't raimi watch the first murder scene ? ) . 
rarely has a movie been such a labor of love . 
sonny , letting his temper get the best of him , does something foolish , which causes him to have to leave town and two beloved kids forever . 
and his good deeds extend to secret donations of food for the local poor folks . 
joe thinks he is performing a great service for new york , but the city rapes him of his pride and possessions . 
there is the frontier fantasy that if you are brave enough to repel a few indians , you can set up a ranch out west and raise a beautiful family . 
you can tell just by watching these first few moments that this show isn't about vanity , it's about playing the music you love to those who have an appreciation for it , a two-way street . 
it's impossible to tear your eyes away from janis joplin as she belts out her ballad about love being a ball and chain . 
and while the lyrics to " wild thing " may not be all that complicated , watching jimi hendrix mime having sex with his guitar is as captivating as otis redding singing about love . 
the canadians can make a good movie . 
of course , that doesn't mean that i'm gonna be giving this a four-star review or something , because " alien : resurrection , " the fourth film in the cool-as-hell series is not an absolutely amazing film , much like the first two were . 
however , it's a very good film which never fails to entertain , and consists of yet another mutation in the style of the series . 
in short , i had a good time . 
of course , the last one wasn't very great or anything ( i liked it , though not as much as the first two ) , and more importantly , it wasn't financially successful ( a tawdry 55 million bucks ! ) . 
of course , the plot is all balderdash , and just an excuse for some good old " alien " -brand fun . 
 " alien 4 " is kind of like an off-beat french film , filled with lots of humor , and cool scares . 
the chills in the film are really cool , especially with the music , which is sometimes turned down completely for certain scenes ( there's the most tense surgery scene since " face/off " towards the beginning ) . 
this all combined with some good old humor makes this as interesting visually and stylistically as the others . 
another one takes place between call and ripley , which is just awesome . 
and the way they do in the final alien is hysterically cool ( with a lovely allusion to " goldfinger " ) . 
but the best scene in the entire film ( i'm sure i'm not the first to mention it ) takes place when ripley sees all the variations on her as they cloned her ( she has a an " 8 " tatooed on her arm ) . 
the screenplay by joss whedon is not a great piece of work , as it never really deapens a lot of the characters . 
the acting is good all around , with stand-out performances from ron perlman as the male chauvenist pig johner , and leland orser ( the poor bastad in " se7en " who performed the " lust " sin ) as an anxiety-ridden wannabe woody allen who has an alien inside him . 
winona ryder is good , but not amazing like she usually is ( although she meshes well with the film ) . 
she's not going to get an oscar nomination like she did for " aliens , " but she's just awesome . 
overall , it's a thrilling , entertaining film which doesn't really amaze like the first two , but is much more amazing than the third installment . 
the style is the best part of the film , which isn't really a bad thing , but it being the best part takes away from a lot of the depth the film occasionally tries to apply . 
keyser soze is a name you'll hear at least a hundred times if you watch the usual suspects and for good reason . 
at the movie's opening , a group of known criminals are brought in for a police lineup , including mcmanus ( stephen baldwin ) , keaton ( gabriel byrne ) , fenster ( benicio del toro ) , buckney ( kevin pollack ) and verbal ( kevin spacey , winner of the best supporting actor academy award{symbol 153 \ f " times new roman " \ s 10 \ h} for his performance in the movie ) . 
spacey does a terrific job of bringing his seemingly unintelligent " cripple " character to life and baldwin , byrne , palminteri and the rest make for a good supporting cast . 
when people are talking about good old times , they actually want to make some bad times look better . 
as many great movies that got cult status through the years , taxi driver became the object of many interpretations . 
travis and his world found themselves in a desperate situation , and martin scorsese uses the best of his cinematic skills in order to spill the gloom of schrader's screenplay into the silver screen . 
another important element of the atmosphere is score of great bernard herrman , whose efficient use of jazz elements gives some melancholy that softens the brutality of motion picture . 
cinematically speaking , gordon parks' original 1971 _shaft_ is not a great film . 
a bit slow at times and more than a little rough around the edges as it builds to its climactic explosion of violent action , this spirited but formulaic yarn that initially brought ernest tidyman's " black private dick that's a sex machine to all the chicks " to the big screen hardly qualifies as groundbreaking filmmaking . 
the star audiences know and love from the original film and its first two sequels ( 1972's _shaft's_big_score ! _ and 1973's _shaft_in_africa_ ) , richard roundtree , once again plays john shaft , who still runs a private investigation firm in new york city . 
it's no easy task to steal a film from the jackson ( who is his usual captivating , charismatic self here ) , but that's exactly what wright does--and makes it seem effortless . 
busta rhymes brings some good laughs as shaft's sidekick rasaan . 
that singleton once again proves his ability with actors is an especially good thing since he's not really an action director . 
from the slick title sequence--scored , of course , to isaac hayes' ever-infectious oscar-winning theme song , which singleton wisely sprinkles throughout the film--on , the film looks great and easily sweeps the viewer into its world with its energetic bravado . 
style doesn't exactly make for a great film , but when it comes to _shaft_ , that's of little consequence . 
what matters above all else is having a good time , and the latest _shaft_ should be just the first of many fun rides to be had with this bad mutha--shut your mouth . 
it's understood that she's supposed to be beautiful , but underneath her face is pain and scraped out lines that say her life could have been so much more . 
l . a . confidential is the best movie of the year . 
you follow his character through the movie afraid of him , but in sympathy of him , because you know how good his heart is . 
you know that he must face the reality of breaking the book , and you love the way he gets there . 
that's why i love movies ; the great ones can be too rich and powerful to describe . 
that's why la confidential stands as the best movie of the year . 
director jim mckay is best known as a consort of r . e . m . 's 
not only did i get to see an advance screening , i was able to see an advance screening of a * very good * movie . 
to begin with , i was surprised at how good it was . 
and last , i was surprised at how good the plot is . 
julia roberts is very good in her performance as alice sutton , the department of justice employee who can't seem to stay away from jerry fletcher , who continually visits alice in hopes that she will do something about his theories . 
he also seems obsessed and in love with her . 
in the grand scheme of mel gibson movies , payback was better than conspiracy theory , but not as good as braveheart or lethal weapon . 
so as a result while the final product is apparently better than the original ( although personally i would love to see the original version for comparisons sake ) it does get a bit of a choppy feel to it towards the end . 
gibson is gibson , whether he is playing a suicidal cop or a stone cold killer , he does a good job . 
he almost guarantees that no matter what else happens in the rest of the movie at least the audience is going to get one good performance . 
this time out mel is surrounded by a good supporting cast , including maria bello ( as his love interest ) , william devane and kris kristofferson ( as mod bosses ) . 
if i had one big disappointment in this film , it would be that coburn didn't have a bigger role . 
'contact' shows why jodie foster is one of our best actresses . 
after a predictable mit phillip morrison powers-of-10 zoom-out start ( which can be surprising to those not familiar with prof . morrison's work ) , contact picks up steam , gradually , building , by-the-end , an irresistable juggernaut and a very good movie that does not as is so often the case fall out-of-balance in terms of too much pandering to the technological " geek " side . 
by the end , the audience is left with what good science fiction is supposed to do : evoke a sense of wonder about the universe and evoke questions in your mind about what's out there . 
this is clearly a foster movie by one of the great hollywood lights of our generation . 
the movie's pacing is very good and subtle . 
the panoramas of the radio dishes at arecibo and ceti in new mexico and puerto rico are beautiful . 
but the audience i attended this movie with just had some good chuckles at clinton's walk-ons . 
they love each other deeply , but both are stubborn and willful , and neither is willing to admit that they need the other . 
the cool of night offers no respite : the neighborhood is being terrorized by a nocturnal psychotic killer who calls himself the son of sam . 
the same can't be said for films like independance day , but that's because contact is a rare example in sci-fi filmmaking where the story is treated more importantly than the special effects , and all of us know looking back that id4 didn't offer much outside of some one-time delightful eye candy . 
when palmer joins a selection committee to choose an ambassador to vega ( of which ellie is a leading candidate ) , personal convictions play a more important role than love interests . 
the question is , can a person who doesn't believe in god truly be the best representative of earth when 90% of the planet * does * believe in a higher power ? 
the special effects are outstanding , though ( warning ! ) 
the storytelling is rich and complete , and although there are moments in the film that feel quite pretentious ( and at times , even hokey ) , it's easily one of the best 1997 films , and one of the best sci-fi films i've ever seen . 
this is zemeckis' best since back to the future , and for those of us who actually know that forrest gump was astronomically overrated , zemeckis now has real reason to boast . 
peter fonda gives his undoubtedly best performance in victor nu ? ez's new film and patricia richardson ( home improvement star ) shows she is worthy of big screen attention . 
peter fonda's performance borrows from his father henry fonda's in on golden pond- there is a great vulnerability that he gives the character ulee jackson and just like his father , peter fonda is quiet , emotional , and weary in this exceptional role . 
of course , in the end , ulee softens up , but his journey is absorbing and we have fallen in love with his tiredness and weariness . 
all great things come to an end , and the dot-com era embodies that perfectly . 
the contrast is amazing , showing how a cult persona can convince anyone that any idea is the next big thing . 
the perpetually awful assassination thriller `snake eyes' was one of 1998's worst films . 
the exceptional aspects of the film are it's astounding technical credits and the amazing cast . 
and i think that lumet's " 12 angry men " , wilder's " witness for the prosecution " and kubrick's " paths of glory " would have been better choices for the best picture oscar in 1958 . 
the other actors deliver very good performances as well . 
the beauty of the film is that it is good old fashion fun for trekkies and non-fans alike . 
mansfield park is a turn of the century ( 18th century going on 19th ) story about love among the classes as well as an examination into proper society and family ties . 
fanny eventually grows to become a beautiful , intelligent , and engaging heroine ( quite unlike the original character which ms . austen originally penned in her novel . ) 
whether it is better to marry for love or for social standing ? 
fanny has fallen in love with her cousin edmund ( jonny lee miller , plunkett & macleane ) who appears fond of her as well . 
fanny's own mother , trapped in her chosen life of squalor warns fanny by admitting that her situation is due to the fact that she " married for love . " 
love and logic can be combined . 
combs is elegant , cool and low-key menacing as the gangsta they are sent to meet . 
this is an artful , distinctively gorgeous production , shot in dark , moody hues and featuring some elaborate , beautiful scenery . 
to boot , a great soundtrack makes it more atmospheric still . 
at the end , it seems , bill's eyes are wide open to the special kind of love he and his wife have for each other , more meaningful than anything he could ever hope to find on the streets of new york . 
still , this is an important work from a great director , and while it may not be on par with some of stanley kubrick's best it is a worthy final film , a complex exploration of jealousy and faithfulness . 
malka's mother is worried that her daughter won't get married , so she arranges with the rabbi for her to marry yossef , someone whom she doesn't love . 
yossef prays to god for a child and then robotically gets malka to spread her legs , and without the least bit of affection , only a nervousness shown on his part for the function he supplies , as he goes inside her and rams her hard , thrusting away until the act is completed and then retiring without a word or gesture of love . 
and about the special effects . 
while he's not given the type of role that you can give a real " performance " in , he does the job well and has some good lines of dialogue . 
the impassioned speech by the doddering old man who phases in and out of rationality is among the best court-room drama ever on the screen . 
there are some other great moments . 
bowfinger is a good movie about the making of a very bad one . 
bowfinger takes it's sweet time getting started , but when the plot switches into high gear , great things happen . 
the only presence that demands real attention when placed next to martin or murphy is the beautiful heather graham , as the young film star who has plans to sleep her way to the top . 
although the regular cast is depleted , the ones that remain show that they can still make a good carry on film . 
moore as lieutenant jordan o'neil is much more likeable than her washed out excuse for a gusty woman in a few good men . 
dutch director paul verhoeven combines gritty action with suspense , shocking gore , and spectacular special effects . 
although the special effects and action are exciting , they do not by themselves set robocop apart from other films in the genre . 
it seems that a group of hackers is out to stop the system that is the matrix , led by the bald but brilliant laurence fishburne and assisted by carrie ann moss , who looks quite cool in leather , i must say . 
credit the wachowskis for putting together a great story that allows suspense to build , something that few special effects-laden films seem to do these days . 
reeves is surprisingly good in his role as neo , particularly in a fight scene with fishburne that comes across as goofy , yet great . 
one of the best has romy reminiscing about her life's battle against the bathroom scales . 
 " that was like the best diet ever . " 
what do you get when you slap together a movie based on a story by the legendary george lucas , directed by virtuoso director steven spielberg , and starring one of the biggest box-office stars in the world , harrison ford ? 
you get one hot-fudge-rockin' good time , that's what you get ! ! ! 
critique : astounding movie packed with non-stop action , stunts galore , an interesting story line , great one-liners , a solid cast , a catchy musical score , and all the fun and adventure that you could squeeze into a two-hour thrill ride . 
if you're young , you'll enjoy its humor , its cool action sequences and its gross-out factor at times . 
now if you really want to have a good time , check into this movie on the same night as its two sequels , rent a jug of iced coke , truckloads of nachos and salsa , an adventure hat and whip , and prepare to gag yourself into a world of action-movie heaven ! 
little known facts about this film and its stars : this picture was nominated for eight 1981 oscar nominations , including best picture . 
it lost that award to chariots of fire , but did manage to win for best art direction , best special effects , best film editing and best sound . 
that's the latest scenario presented by adam sandler in the new movie big daddy , a movie that's passable but isn't really considered some of sandler's best work . 
he even manages to use the kid in a sort of con game to get the attention of a beautiful law office worker ( joey lauren adams ) , but , somehow , he also garners the attention of social services , who aren't particularly pleased with coufax's actions , as he pretends to be his roommate to keep the kid . 
the reason i say it's not really sandler's best work is because it gets really sappy towards the end of a movie , showing some odd feelings that somehow didn't really belong in a sandler vehicle . 
fortunately , it doesn't destroy the goofy glee path it's been following and it still makes you feel good . 
sandler does a good job here , as he does in most of his movies . 
stewart , in his minor time on screen , is great , and adams remains a joy to watch . 
directed by dennis dugan ( director of happy gilmore ) , the movie remains a good couple of hours to pass the time with . 
judging by a series of poorly recieved ( financial and critical ) comic book based films ( such as batman and robin , steel , barb wire , the crow : city of angels , and the list goes on ) , one would come to the conclusion that comic books are the worst medium to translate into film . 
having read comic books since the age of nine ( i'm 21 right now ) i can count the number of good comic book based movies ( not including japanese manga ) one hand : 1 : the crow ( 1994 ) , 2 : batman ( 1989 ) , 3 : superman , 4 : the mask , and now , #5 , blade . 
however , the film works best as an action film . 
good example of that ) , wesley snipes dazzles the audience with some incredible fight scenes . 
much of the special effects are not that spectacular either . 
still , scenes involving non-cgi special effects do surface ( and look much more impressive ) , such as one particularly gruesome scene where a vampire tries to use blade's sword without deactivating the " anti-theft device " . 
along the way a beautiful blonde ( gretchen mol ) , more bodies , and a deepening mystery about simulated worlds complicate the picture . 
despite its philosophical challenges , _the thirteenth floor_ derives its emotional force from the love story between jane fuller ( mol ) and douglas hall ( bierko ) , as well as the close friendship between douglas hall and hannon fuller . 
the moment when jane fuller confesses her love for douglas hall is at once satisfying , wrenching and intellectually challenging . 
this is not a film of good people beset from without by great evil . 
d'onofrio as whitney , who plays a pivotal role in support , also turns in a good performance . 
this could be because she was given the worst lines in a movie whose major weakness is the script . 
for when good sci-fi is made , where is the sf community turning out in droves to see it ? 
if we don't support great sf , who will ? 
the first one is quite good , a decent introduction into the lives of these men . 
at first he is like a helpless , abandoned child , desperately reaching out for love . 
later when he reads frankenstein's journal , and learns that he is composed of dead bodies , his love turns into rage as he is seeking revenge . 
although the film is not perfect ( the camera that simply refuses to stay still and the occasionally pushy score are at times more tiering than effective ) , these minor faults are easily forgivable , as the picture is otherwise captivating and stimulating . 
branagh has probably created one of the best ( if not the best ) adaptions of shelly's classic novel . 
in case you've been asleep for the last few months , the plot centres on truman burbank ( carrey ) who leads an seemingly idyllic life in the beautiful town of seahaven . 
talking of carrey , he's perfect in this movie , enjoying the best role in his career . 
the philip glass soundtrack is also superb , and is used to great effect during the film . 
their friendship grows as both men start to realize their dreams , wing jing's to be a powerful and wealthy man , and see to settle down with a woman he can truly love . 
wing jing meets the singer at the club ( jessica hester ) and falls in love with her , not realizing that she is the star attraction . 
the lighting , cinematography and staging of the film are beautiful to watch . 
the special effects team deserves praise for a fantastic job of making the impossible look possible . 
i would dare to say it ranks as high as the scores for both " titanic " and " rosewood " as best of the year . 
in one sweaty , inky torrent of passion , tatyana writes him a love letter . 
what is most amazing about ralph fiennes' performance is his subtle physical transformation from dashing snob to miserly grouch . 
on the surface , it's a cold , boring , unerotic porn with name starts , a name director , and some cool camerawork . 
not to mention the acting is generally pretty good , and we don't really see a lot of the actors completely exposed . 
while the two are arguably freaky people , we at least know they love to live on the edge . 
while this is admittingly all a bit comical ( the film is almost like a black comedy ) , the film does do a pretty awesome portrayal of people who's main fetish is living on the edge . 
the atmosphere is very dark and forboding , creating a kind of cool weird feeling . 
and there are several scenes are just amazing . 
the acting is also pretty good , especially for what is almost a porn ( ousting linda lovelace as best actress in a porn ) . 
while james spader is pretty boring ( he's usually pretty intense ) , deborah kara ungar is amazing . 
holly hunter , who gets extra credit just for appearing in something like this , is pretty good , and so is rosanna arquette ( who adds a kinda cool kinkiness to her role ) . 
he has a great deal of energy in several scenes , especially one scene where he's taking photographs of a picture , and a later scene where he's getting a freaky tatoo . 
in his day bava was considered by most to be no great filmmaker , yet here he fashioned one of the finest italian horror movies of the 1970's . 
bava coaches a surprisingly good performance from the usually wooden daria nicolodi , wife of famed italian horror director dario argento . 
no , it is not a bad film , in fact it is so good in achieving its = purpose , i actually wished for the film to end itself quickly . 
it was easy to fear the worst . 
credit must also be given to the special effects and stunt coordinators . 
special kudos go to director davis for maintaining a relentless pace which underscores the single-mindedness of the two leads . 
he's a cynical , battle-worn veteran , and the best of his bunch . 
leigh is an actress probably best known for her role as the " shower lady " from " psycho " , and that's unfair . 
he usually keeps cool no matter what occurs , but here , he gets downright hysterical at times . 
king louis xvi was beheaded on january 21 , 1793 , but instead of visualizing this act of regicide , legendary auteur eric rohmer's the lady and the duke observes from afar . 
in love life , the lt has an unfortunate mental block against committing to any partner who is less powerful than she . " 
the results shown on screen are amazing considering the film's tiny budget , constant location changes , and a filming schedule that was sporadic over two years . 
such informative tidbits include : the original title of the film was going to be book of the dead ( and in fact when the film premiered in 1981 that was it's title ) and when they were asked to change the title to the evil dead , everyone thought it was the worst title they had ever heard . 
to me , that's not a good sign . 
overall , the evil dead is a good low budget horror film , superior to many films in it's genre . 
all special edition dvds should be this thorough and entertaining . 
there are heartbreaks and there are people falling in love . 
we have seen films with plotting very much like this , but the indian setting makes a great deal of difference . 
not exactly oscar caliber , but one helluva bullet-riddled good time . 
some of best gags include an oriental film maker down on his luck and one of mel's hitmen pals that has just discovered onanism . 
but it's worth being reminded that drab interiors and a couple of working-class characters don't make for a guarantee of 'authenticity' , let alone a good film . 
secrets & lies has a simple enough theme at its heart -- as one character puts it , " best to tell the truth , isn't it ? 
one of the most startling images is of a beautiful woman with large scars on her face : she says she needs the photo to look " as bad as possible " to collect insurance money , yet the short scene leaves you wondering about what untold story lies behind the scars . 
but she's really just right for the role of someone who inspires sympathy and yet strains the tolerance of those around her , precisely because she's so needy of love , perhaps . 
the script was developed partly through improvisations , and the fusion of cast , script and director shows best in the party scene - seemingly everyone is talking at the same time , and yet many subtle observations are being made throughout . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
this film was goodfellas , epic black comedy which is today considered as one of the best and most influential films of 1990s . 
after couple of years , together with his best childhood friend tommy de vito ( played by joe pesci ) , he joins the crew of expert thieves led by jimmy conway ( played by robert de niro ) . 
three of them spend years as best friends and associates , gathering enormous wealth from their criminal enterprises that would culminate with one of the most spectacular robberies in american history . 
nostalgia for good old times is illustrated with easy-listening 1950s pop songs , while depression , paranoia and bad times find their expression in more neurotic rock songs of late 1960s and 1970s . 
such scenes , although they require very great skill and patience during their shootings , became very popular among other directors in 1990s . 
another essential element of goodfellas is large but superb collection of great acting talents . 
ray liotta , although equally talented , perhaps doesn't look as the best choice for narrator and nominal hero of the film . 
as a combination of clever sociological study , black humour and innovative filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time . 
because of this achievement , and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers , this cinematic gem deserves its rightful place among the best films of 1990s . 
despite all these hard to believe tit bits , there are people out there who have never truly been kissed , and who are still waiting for that right person to give them the wet , sloppy warm feeling of tongues intermingling , reassuring them that their search for true love is over . 
so this movie can be watched by those who are waiting for true love or those who are still searching for it . 
like " jesus christ superstar , " which examined the rise and fall of jesus in his last days from a fame perspective ( in the cool tune " superstar , " a dead judas comes back from the dead to ask jesus why he didn't spread his message wider ) , " evita " takes an inventive stance on its topic , this time being the famed wife of argentinian dictator , juan per ? n , eva , who slept her way to the top and became famous chiefly because she got attention , much like the woman playing her : madonna ( although i think madonna did rise to the top for her musical talent , among other things ) . 
here , they wish to expose her for what she is , but still show that despite all of her many drawbacks , her lying , and covering up for her fascist husband , but show that she was still a good woman with fairly good intentions , and her death was very sad . 
i'm not saying the opening moments are bad , because they're pretty good . 
that's when our narrator , ch ? , comes out to show that she wasn't the great woman she really was , and expose her fame . 
but it's generally very good , although not up to the brilliance the role really requires . 
his singing is very good , though nothing compared to the original , mandy patinkin . 
he does have a pretty good singing voice , and a great range . 
and jonathan pryce is pretty awesome , although very brief at times , in his role as juan , seeming to put on a poker face for his melancholy facade . 
like the other musical released in '96 ( woody allen's " everyone says i love you " ) , it's a reminder that the hollywood musical may be dead , but it can come back every now and then for a brief performance . 
in brief : best bleak comedy film since heathers . 
the screenplay , by buck henry , is absolutely great and includes some of the best bleakly comic lines i've heard since heathers . 
they give him an opportunity to openly parody scream -- an act that he accomplishes with great panache . 
gladiator begins with a great battle sequence between the roman army and germania , and actually is able to maintain interest during the now required " 40 minutes of exposition after a kick ass opening sequence " style of moviemaking . 
he gets the best scene in the film ( and one of the best moments of all recent movies ) when he reveals his identity to commodus in the colisseum . 
it's a very good ( and very creepy ) performance . 
rather than recast the role ( and end up reshooting a great deal of footage ) , a digital version of oliver reed was created at a reported cost of 2 million dollars . 
it's sad that such a good film has these distractions . 
however it's a work of fiction that's great entertainment , and another film to add to the list of damn fine flicks released in 2000 a . d . 
based on a story concocted by himself , and also written by beatty , bulworth gives a good insight of what beatty thinks of the american government system . 
instead of everyone hating him , the american public love him . 
much more open than the rather subdued primary colours , bulworth barely gives the american politic system a good name . 
it's great that beatty isn't afraid to let loose on a subject . 
second best is oliver platt as the flustered , coke snorting assistant , who goes over the top when he finally snaps . 
best of all , the film is thought provoking , but directed and written in such a way that the film feels as light as a feather , and is very entertaining . 
there's also a great rap soundtrack with some well chosen tunes . 
let me open this one with a confession : i love cop movies . 
was it any good ? 
well , just about as good as baldwin's steven seagal impression ( for those i've confused the answer is a resounding no ! ) . 
now let me clarify , i don't love just any cop movie ; i'm not too keen on the smug buddy cop flicks that were so in vogue in the 80's and now slowly ( gulp ) returning thanks to jackie chan and chris tucker . 
as little tots us boys are brought up to create our own wars with gi joe's , enact cops and robbers or cowboy and indian fantasies , etc . the best gritty cop films tap into those gleeful adolescent fantasies , and heighten them , turning it all into an existential nightmare of thin moral lines and psychological chaos . 
danny has done this , and though he's a fairly honorable guy , who took the job in order to do good , his intentions have gotten a bit skewed along the way . 
he seeks redemption and concludes that the best way to go about getting it is by talking to internal affairs who then convince him to go undercover as a " double agent " . 
and watching the movie build to that is thrilling in the way that any great character driven story can be . 
lumet's worst tendency is one that many film makers ( especially oliver stone ) tend to overuse : he relies a little too heavily on actors shouting their lines at each other presumably in order to ratchet up the tension . 
though of late lumet has made several really awful career choices ( maybe he and treat should get together for a drink or something ) , the most recent a completely unnecessary remake of gloria , here he was on , sustaining tension in a film that runs for 167 minutes with not one dull spot . 
some of the formula pictures i like the best are the most simplistic . 
of course cop movies aren't popular anymore ( yes buddy cop flicks are popular but those are more like extended sitcoms with gunfire amid the punch lines ) , but just look at the average hollywood action movies , flicks so bloated and full of unnecessary fat like the boring love interest that serves no purpose other than to stall the action and demonstrate that our hero isn't gay , the lame comic relief character who's never funny , and on and on . 
there's a great scene early on where an irate williams shouts at an ia officer and looks as if he's about to go into one of those corny braveheart inspirational speeches , but instead he breaks down in front of the cop and begins sobbing . 
mixing comedy and the darkest of drama was the way this film was intended , and by god , it works , making it one of the year's very best . 
however , unlike the real-life tomahawk cruise missile strike against bin laden's camp and manufacturing facility , the film version depicts special operations troops kidnapping sheik ahmed bin talal . 
unwittingly involved is fbi assistant special agent-in-charge anthony hubbard ( denzel washington ) , who works out of the bureau's new york office at one federal plaza . 
i liked the fact that this film rises above the basic action-thriller fare of good guy g-men against bad guy terrorists by exploring some of the effects on society and law and order . 
throughout , the film maintains a conflict between hubbard , who wants to use the fbi to pursue the terrorists within the letter of the law , and general devereaux ( bruce willis ) , who is in command of the army and of the mind that the greater good would be better served by suspending the law and pursuing the terrorists more forcefully . 
i don't know if it's his tone or inflection or something else , but denzel washington has a way of spitting out dialog that makes whatever he says sound great . 
perhaps best known for his role as antonio the cab driver in the nbc sitcom " wings , " shalhoub gained notoriety for his dramatic abilities in the wonderful film big night . 
revell does a good job at providing appropriate music to punctuate key scenes and allowing the score to enhance the movie as a whole . 
these flaws are glaring , but they don't detract too much from an otherwise good film that makes you think about issues you may not have considered since history class . 
she carefully tends her rose garden , decorates her home with the best furnishings . 
annette bening also turns in what may be the best performance of her career . 
and well it should , as it is simply one of this years best . 
larry flynt also weaves in the bittersweet story of flynt's true love , althea leasure , whom he meets as a dancer in his club and later marries , and who devotedly stands alongside him throughout his trials and tribulations . 
larry flynt is the touching love story between flynt and althea . 
ultimately , the emotional power that the film hits at its conclusion comes not from his achievements from his battles against censors , but from the strength of flynt and althea's love for each other . 
courtney love plays althea leasure in a startling turn , completely raw and impulsive . 
it's a very solid performance , brash and naturalistic , and love is extremely compelling ; it's difficult to take your eyes off her onscreen , and her chemistry with harrelson is dead-on . 
milos forman keeps the film moving - although it runs over two hours , it never drags - and his direction of the film is very effective , eliciting a great deal of empathy for a subject which could be construed by some as extremely sordid and unsympathetic . 
there's also a great visual technique which forman uses to indicate the passing of time in one shot , which is both clever and extremely entertaining . 
larry flynt is certainly among the very best studio-released films of 1996 , and works both as a ringing political statement about the importance of freedom of speech and the depths to which larry flynt would go to advance the cause of free expression , and as a touching love story . 
janeane garofalo is not only the queen of the romantic comedy , she is the best comic actress in hollywood right now . 
and it's a good thing she's starring in the matchmaker , because without her presence the movie would be bland , unfunny , and dull . 
i think the director realized this and decided to throw in numerous shots of the beautiful irish scenery , and several close-ups of garofalo's winning smile . 
in fact , she's flat-out great . 
needless to say , their stories are horrifying , amazing , and emotionally draining . 
the transfer to dvd is rich and beautiful . 
there is a theatrical trailer for the movie , which is a great introduction to the subject matter . 
like the children it portrays , the movie starts from the dark realms of awful cinema and works its way up to a show-stopping performance at the legendary concert hall . 
they are highlighted by one child's return to roberta's class ( coming after the great old hollywood scene where he explains be can't be around anymore because " my mom said . . . " ) and a glowing concert . 
even with all its flaws , music of the heart is a beautiful film . 
but as i watched the scenes in carnegie hall , i thought of some of the great acts that have taken that stage . 
perhaps it is okay for music of the heart to start off rusty because just as kaufman had santa's favorite food , this movie has an amazing finale . 
director brian robbins ( you'll remember him as eric from tv's " head of the class " ) just knows how to make good dumb movies . 
this movie fits in nicely with his previous efforts good burger and varsity blues . 
he leaves behind girlfriend emily , only to discover orlock's secret--he's a bloodsucker--and struggle to return to england before the nosferatu reaches his lady love . 
this sort of misleading packaging makes little sense when one recalls the countless number of ghouslish scenes in the film from which cool cover art could have been extracted . 
that said , a good mastering job has been performed on the film itself . 
the original elements are not in the best condition--non-studio silents were unlucky in their preservation-- so we're still dealing with a slightly washed out , scratched , jittering image . 
coppola's 1992 " bram stoker's dracula " owes a great stylistic debt to murnau's masterpiece , but the one thing it couldn't thieve was the original's abstract charms . 
 " deuce bigalow : male gigolo " is simply a hilarious good-natured comedy that may offend some , but underneath all it's crude humor and sexual content is a sweet little love story that is surprisingly involving . 
 " deuce bigalow : male gigolo " is no disappointment . 
for some reason the film garnered an r rating but with no " f words " or extensive use of sexual content or explicit nudity i was really wondering why the film was r . a mild r to put it to the least , but even if your under 17 or above at least 13 this film is good enough for you to see . 
and if you really want to see something , you've got to hear his version of jefferson airplane's " somebody to love " , sung at the aformentioned karaoke jam . 
i didn't particularly like steven's girlfriend , and i felt that more focus should have been used on the relationship between steven and his best friend . 
if the original film had the spirit of the 1950s , then this has the spirit of the 80s : full of fights ; chase scenes ; cliff hangers ; special effects ; some detective work ; and of course the vision of the high-tech future . 
the films' best aspect is the fact that it actually goes back to the first movie and shows a lot of the action that occurred from another angle . 
 " back to the future part ii " is a really great adventure movie . 
you either love it or you are unimpressed . 
count me as a " love it . " 
as good as the crow and spawn are , dark city is better . 
dark city is good on many levels . 
second , the editing of the film is good . 
third , the special effects are well used . 
they look good , but more importantly , the right effects are used for the right job . 
jim , kev , oz and finch attend a high school in suburban michigan full of so many impossibly beautiful women it's no wonder they're horny all the time . 
in fiction , one invents purposeful , clear-cut good guys and bad guys , puts the fictional characters in conflict , and takes the tale to its exciting conclusion . 
every actor does a great job . 
done poorly , formulaic comedies might seem to signify the downfall of american cinema . 
yes , the film does veer occasionally into some rather lowbrow humor , but it has the best excuse of all : it's funny . 
nominated for the 1938 academy award for best picture and winner of three oscars for erich wolfgang korngold's melodramatic music , ralph dawson's fast paced editing and carl jules weyl's lush sets , the film is probably best remembered for errol flynn's charismatic acting as sir robin of locksley , a . k . a . robin hood . 
simply stated , the film derives its success from being one of the best of its genre , the swashbuckler . 
jeffrey thinks the film is " great " and gives it * * * * . 
there are tons of great shots in the film , not least of which is a conversation that opens the film between willis' character and another train passenger . 
one of the best examples of this is a scene in which dunne goes into a train station to " exercise " his powers . 
the film also boasts some great performances , including a precocious child actor trying to vie for the oscar throne left vacant by haley joel osment . 
willis turns in a great performance as the sad sack dunne , who just can't seem to figure out why he's been depressed for the last few years . 
jackson is one of the better actors of our time , and here he turns in yet another great performance as the ever injured elijah . 
though his hairstyle is absurd , jackson seems to infuse such a great deal of pain into his role that the mortar board hairdo can easily be overlooked . 
robin wright penn's role seems slightly underwritten , but she still manages to get across the intense hurt of her character's need for love from her husband and her desire to make things work again . 
out of all the characters , jeremy's is perhaps the most emotional , and clark does a great job with the role . 
essentially , what all of this means is that shyamalan has made another good film with unbreakable . 
the soundtrack , synth-heavy , reminded me of bad 80s horror movies , as did the special effects in the shapechanging scenes . 
one of the problems in adapting full-blown fantasies is that fantasy is often best left to the imagination of the reader , rather than being subjected to the 'realism' of the screen . 
part of me would love to see an adaptation of 'the lord of the rings , ' but , on the other hand , i know that any filmmaker's recreation of ents , hobbits , and balrogs is inevitably going to be really lame compared to what i picture in my mind . 
this archetypal realm is the setting for a smart , subtle , literate script , a script which is as good as you'd expect from jordan ( himself an accomplished fiction writer ) and carter . 
if straying from the path leads to death , then it's not a good idea--but if that's what you have to risk to get sex and knowledge ( and therefore power ) , then maybe it's worth the risk . 
sethe's sons run away , perhaps for good , leaving sethe and her daughter denver to fend for themselves . 
this is the kind of role that could easily be turned into a flat stereotype , but john hurt , in what is certainly his best performance in a decade and possibly the most impressive of his long and distinguished career , turns " erstwhile fogy " giles into a three-dimensional human being . 
despite his tunnel vision , it's impossible not to like the man , especially after his entire being is transformed by that singular affliction to which no one is immune : love . 
just as giles is about to leave , however , he notices ronnie bostock ( jason priestley ) , and , suddenly , it's love at first sight . 
love and death on long island is a comedy , and a very funny one at that . 
in the process , he not only creates a truly likable and memorable character in giles , but says a few things about the transforming power of love , even if it is unrequited . 
love and death on long island is many things wrapped into one : a social commentary ( it tackles the thorny issue of film as pure art versus film as mindless entertainment ) , a buddy picture/love story ( ronnie and giles have one of the most interesting relationships found anywhere on a movie screen these days ) , and a " fish out of water " tale ( victorian relic giles forced into the modern world ) . 
yet , despite the many laughs love and death offers , it never takes cheap shots . 
 " seven " is one of the best mystery movies i've ever seen . 
what makes this film so unique is the characterization of the " good guys " which makes the unseen villain seem so vile . 
there is a great sense of camaraderie here which often provides for a breath of comic relief . 
there is a scene of intriguing philosophy between the killer and the detectives , and even though he's obviously insane , his charisma makes for some good points . 
his new film , the thin red line , is a strange , beautiful , enigmatic mess of a movie . 
the cast , for the most part , gives great performances . 
his two previous films , badlands and days of heaven , are spectacularly beautiful and obscure motion pictures . 
many stories are here , from the clash between the lieutenant ( elias koteas ) and the savage colonel ( a voracious nick nolte ) to the private ( ben chaplin ) who uses his love for the woman he left behind to keep him going . 
while saving private ryan used warfare to bookend the plot , malick uses reflection and glorious shots of nature to bookend about 90 minutes of combat . 
the ending looks as if it was tacked on at the last minute , and the final voice-over doesn't ring true , even though it was used to good effect elsewhere in the film-noir style the rest of the film embodies . 
it looked awful . 
well , whoever put that trailer together should be fired , because in terms of pure entertainment , frequency is one of the best of the year thus far . 
with all three , he's managed to attach himself to great scripts ( this one by toby emmerich , whose only previous movie experience was as a music supervisor on numerous new line films ) and add equally great direction . 
most people fit into two different categories : you either love woody allen , or you hate his guts . 
so maybe taking his body away was the best decision any producer could have thought of . 
after discovering that she is the princess , z falls in love , but there's a problem : bala is getting married to general mandible ( gene hackman ) , a ruthless leader who merely wants to control a better and stronger colony . 
the queen is reluctant at first , but decides it is best for the colony . 
as an animated film , antz is probably the best you will find to date . 
the best aspect of animation is the fact that the characters aren't limited by gravity . 
one great moment involves a mass of worker ants bunching up to form a wrecking ball . 
it's truly a great example of film making at its finest . 
the best example would have to be barbatus ( danny glover ) . 
young kids may be disturbed by the site of a dismembered head , but a good deal of humor is derived ( more appropriate for adults , of course ) . 
disney's a bug's life looks good , but i don't know if they will be able to best dreamworks' newest animated feature in terms of animation . 
if not , then dreamworks will have done something no other studio could do : go head to head with the big mouse , and knock him down ( yes , anastasia was good , but not nearly as good as even the worst of disney ) . 
vocal talent is always essential to an animated feature , and antz has one of the best line-ups seen since toy story . 
sharon stone as bala shows off some of her comic ability , though for the most part , stone works best as a dramatic actress . 
danny glover has a small role , but he does a very , very good job . 
jennifer lopez plays a worker ant who falls in love with weaver , although most people won't recognize her voice either . 
what is great is the themes that are given to us . 
despite excellent direction from tarantino , the cast steals the film , giving one good performance after another . 
the writing , on the other hand , is quite good , although i do find tarantino's use of slang terms offensive . 
the cinematography is very well done by guillermo navarro ( who has worked with tarantino on previous films ) and the editing is very good . 
bridget fonda gives a very good performance as a druggie couch potato . 
samuel l . jackson is very good , but it seems to me that he was replaying his jules winnfield character from pulp fiction ( although much less cynical ) . 
robert de niro is actually a little annoying at times , but overall he does a good job as one of ordell's perspective clients and friends . 
robert forster gives one of the best performances in the film , as he has one of the most developed characters . 
however , one can not help but compare it to tarantino's pulp fiction , and expect great results . 
perhaps the best thing about jackie brown is the discovery of pam grier as a major hollywood actress . 
don't let the following quirks of this review , fool you into believing that this movie is anything short of an ultimate labour of love . 
life is beautiful , even though i'm a short , ugly looking man with an obnoxious laugh . 
life is beautiful even though i haven't amounted to much in life , except working out the finer intricacies of waitering . 
i'm a lucky sort of a guy , especially when a beautiful woman strips away my venner of superficiality to find a new age , sensitive guy with the biggest heart in the entire world underneath - life is beautiful ! 
i'm a jew , but life can still be beautiful . 
the nazis put me in a concentration camp , but life is still beautiful . 
i love my son very much and that's what matters , and that's what makes life beautiful . 
my ability to entertain somehow convinces my son that living in a concentration camp is somewhat beautiful ? 
i get shot for my efforts and the woman i love , but hey that's life and that's still a beautiful thing - so by jove don't give me any crap about it ! 
that said , this film has a good share of drugs - consumed , vomitted , defecated , pissed off , exchanged , bought , sold , injected , smuggled , enjoyed and regretted . 
good and bad vibrations tangle like the conflicting desires and values of the message . 
nowhere town , a 26min short film that he shot , co-directed and co-produced recently scooped up the grand jury prize at the charleston international film festival for best student production . 
story-wise , species ii is much stronger than its predecessor , but it is also much stronger than , say , aliens ( hey , i love the film , but you can't tell me it was strong on story ) . 
the special effects are only mediocre , and some are just plain bad . 
i didn't realize that aliens were that picky on choosing women to mate with ( i just assume it is his part-human side looking for the most beautiful one ) . 
the acting is quite good for this kind of film . 
the acting is the key element to this film : if it was bad , it would have lowered itself into camp ; if it was good , it would have asked for comparison with films like aliens . 
okay , so it isn't that good . 
george dzundza is probably the most obvious mistake on casting , as his over-the-top impersonation of a general makes him annoying and distracting . 
marg helgenberger is immensely better this time around , and her performance is probably the best in this film . 
michael madsen is so-so , but he isn't annoying , and he soon becomes rather appealing ( with his nice cynic personality ) . 
i must admit that i was a tad skeptical of " good will hunting " , based both on the previews and the first fifteen minutes of the film , in which the main character will hunting ( matt damon ) , an mit janitor in his early twenties , is discovered to be an einstein-level closet genius when he solves two extraordinarily difficult math problems overnight . 
this sounds like the formula for mildly charming fluff , but " good will hunting " rises above its fairly mundane premise to deliver a poignant and clever drama . 
what makes " good will hunting " work so well , aside from the strong performances ( especially from damon and williams ) , is the depth of characterization and the representation of the conflicts in will's life . 
for a film with such an extraordinary character , " good will hunting " presents itself as remarkably ordinary ; it achieves the difficult task of making the next albert einstein into an everyman , a character to whom the audience can easily relate and who must make choices similar to those that almost everyone faces at one time or another . 
 " good will hunting " also has its share of fun humor , such as when will , in an early therapy session , pretends to be hypnotized and smoothly parodies the alien abduction scenarios that have become so well known in popular culture . 
add all this to the fact that " good will hunting " even manages to pull off an uplifting happy ending without getting excessively sentimental , and you might be wondering why i haven't given this film four stars . 
there are also a few scenes that did feel a bit formulaic , including one that was supposed to be emotional but really just seemed like the obligatory crying scene for any movie involving therapy sessions . 
still , " good will hunting " takes its premise a lot farther than i thought it would , and is definitely one of the better personal dramas i have seen in the last few years , and as of right now it stands as one of the top five on my list of '97 films . 
it is the best alien movie since close encounters of the 3rd kind , and will end up being the best film of the year . 
since then , epics have appeared infrequently ( " the last emperor , " " braveheart " ) and some of the best have been small-screen affairs produced in the 1970's ( " roots , " " shogun " ) . 
it's a simple tale of good versus evil . 
in the scene where commodus kills his father , phoenix shows the pain of a son who has never had his father's love or pride . 
the late oliver reed gave us the best work of his career in his last role . 
in " payback " it was merely annoying , but in " gladiator " it bleaches the color out of the grand spectacles that are the raison d'etre of the roman epic . 
there are many good things about this sequel . 
opinion : people say it all the time : you never appreciate good health until it's gone . 
likewise , people raised in fabulously pampered prosperity can become unhappy and spiteful over the dumbest , most inconsequential problems , simply because they have no clue how good they have it . 
american beauty is a non-formula , intelligent and articulate movie that offers fantastic performances by everyone in the cast , especially kevin spacey , who is simply gosh darn amazing this movie . 
with great aplomb , james earl jones plays the disillusioned author who joins forces with ray and embarks with him on a magical and spiritual journey . 
ray liotta is appropriately eerie and awe-inspiring as the ghost of shoeless joe , the legendary batter who was suspended from baseball for his involvement in the 1919 chicago " black sox " scandal . 
like the great musical pieces of mozart himself , amadeus is a true work of art . 
why is this such a good film ? 
tom hulce is interesting as well as mozart , a quirky , annoying bratty kid with an annoying laugh . 
he's strong , but weak at the same time , and must be aided by his wife ( elizabeth berridge ) , who is good in her role , but lacks dramatic depth . 
by the end of the film , you're glad to see a good hearty comedy come out of it . 
what's the greater good here ? 
despite a few silly moments ( and one or two really stupid ones ) , the good things about " desperate measures " outnumber the bad . 
the brilliant acting , especially by tommy lee jones as agent kay , is also as good as it gets . 
the criminal gives a very good chase , and at one point when edwards confronts him , the criminal pulls out a very different looking weapon that disintegrated when it hit the ground . 
the special effects are also very well done and are not the entire source of the plot , as in another big alien film from the past summer . 
some critics , including siskel & ebert , are on the record stating that martin scorsese's raging bull , the story of boxer jake la motta , is the best film of the '80s . 
since there are still a number of '80s films that i haven't seen , i don't feel qualified to make such a judgment , but i'll say this without hesitation : raging bull is a great motion picture , and i would be surprised if more than a handful of films released between january 1 , 1980 and december 31 , 1989 come close to its level . 
meanwhile , away from the ring , la motta falls in love with 15-year old vicki , who he marries after discarding his shrewish first wife . 
his own insecurity is so great that he cannot accept that a woman as beautiful as vicki could be faithful to him . 
sylvester stallone's tale of boxing triumph was released to great critical acclaim in 1976 . 
it won the 1977 best picture oscar , and a sequel arrived in theaters before raging bull went into production . 
and , although there's a lot of travis bickle ( de niro's character in taxi driver ) in la motta , scorsese and de niro go to great lengths to make sure that , if we never fully sympathize with him , at least we understand the forces that drive him . 
the best oscar statue is only one testimony to the lasting power of the performance . 
later , she's called upon to portray the battered wife and mother whose love has turned into fear . 
perhaps raging bull is indeed the best film of the '80s . 
in election , there are no " good guys " . 
that is much of this film's beauty , it doesn't have the typical good guys that hollywood likes , instead it is a realistic portrayal of the real world , specializing in revealing the type of sexual perversions that people usually keep to themselves . 
broderick and witherspoon are simply at their best when they are playing off each other in various scenes . 
if ferris buehler made you feel good about american high schools , and gave you an innocent laugh or two , then the movie achieved its goal . 
with some very nice performances , in this hectic , and fast paced film , this film gives us a sitting of two hours that is satisfying in many ways , although a failed love story between goro and hanako does not come off much , even though towards the end it is suggested . 
the funeral is also good , although not as funny as the later films . 
all four of these films are available in video , which means your best local site for foreign film may have them . . . 
lennix brings great depth to a role that could have easily been played as a stock villain . 
a great villain he indeed is , but to leave it at that isn't giving full justice to his powerful and multi-dimensional work . 
providing a constant reminder of the fact that this isn't exactly what shakespeare had in mind are the elements obligatory to a high school comedy : a party polluted with liquor , a best friend's betrayal , and prom . 
it is a wonderful moment of moviemaking and gives us , in my mind , the best movie song of the year . 
delmar is saved and dedicates his life to doing good and provides a richness to his simple character that makes him shine . 
best of all , the villains are still foreigners : fear of the other always plays best . 
so it is a crime lord in moscow that sends legendary hitman the jackal ( bruce willis ) to assassinate a highly placed us government figure in retaliation for the death of his brother during a nightclub raid . 
it's good to see gere in something other than a business suit . 
 " city of angels " is essentially a love story , between seth and a human , a beautiful but sad heart surgeon named maggie ( meg ryan ) . 
he learns that the only way to fulfill his desire for human love and touch is for him to " fall " and become human . 
it's not a formulaic hollywood ending , because it is both sad and uplifting at the same time . 
the film , which cost $200 million+ to make and could of put 20th century fox into a lot of finicial trouble if it 'sunk' ( pun intended ) is a labour of love for cameron , who wrote and directed the film . 
we all know that big budget dosen't mean great film ( see waterworld ( 1995 ) ) but titanic is far superior to kevin costners waterlogged epic . 
but sadly , titanic just misses the mark of masterpiece ( although it is one of cameron's best films ) 
also boarding the ship is rich woman rose dewitt bukater ( winslet ) who is being forced into a marriage with a man she dosen't love at all , cal hockley ( zane ) so her family can remain rich . 
she nearly commits suicide on the ship , but jack comes to the rescue , saves rose , they fall in love , and cal gets jealous and eventually tries to kill them . 
without good dialogue , a film could become a very long , very boring film ( like camerons own terminator 2 , 1992 ) but , luckily , there are some redeeming features that make the story and dialogue problems just disappear . 
there are some great sweeping shots of the titanic , and some clever fades between the flashback titanic and the ruined titanic . 
it's a scary sight , watching bodies fall from great heights into the watery depths below . 
dicaprio is good , although he only looks 16-17 years old . 
winslet is great also , and her transistion from a well mannered rich girl to a rebelous young adult is pretty smooth . 
finally , the icing on the 'great things' cake are the special effects . 
the sweeps of the ships are awesome , although digital domain , who did the effects , cannot animate human movement too well . 
of course , the ship sinking scenes are awesome , with bodies flying all over the place , and the scene where the ship splits in half has to be seen to be believed . 
enjoyable , scary , and even sad , titanic is a film cinema was invented for , filling the screen with incredible images , and assaulting the ears with awesome sound . 
perhaps the ultimate escapist thriller was the fugitive , which featured none of the flash-bang effects of today's market but rather a bread-and-butter , textbook example of what a clever script and good direction is all about . 
although director scott has made missteps in the past , such as the lame thriller the fan , he's generated a good deal of energy in pictures like crimson tide and top gun . 
enemy of the state also features an unprecedented use of amazing cinematography -- director of photography daniel mindel throws a staggering amount of different views , angles , lenses , and film stocks at the audience that goes a long way toward involving the audience in the movie . 
james cameron's newest movie is a landmark in storytelling , emotion , and special effects . 
she grows to love jack , but seems unable to escape the slimy clutches of her arranged fiance' , cal hockley ( billy zane ) . 
it might just be kevin's best work to date . 
it was hailed by critics as one of the best movies of the year and soon a sequel is coming . 
in 1995 kevin made another movie 'mallrats' that flopped horribly , thought it was not the best movie ever made it was a pretty good little flick . 
now in 1999 we get a great little movie by the name of 'dogma' . 
ok now get this , she is told to find two prophets : one who talks a lot and one who doesn't , however she gets jay and silent bob instead ( who give us great performances ) . 
what a movie , it is everything rolled into one : an offensive , offbeat , smart and sassy comedy that surprisingly has a great message at the end , and ends up being a feel-good movie . 
kevin goes to new lengths in this hilarious comedy and gives us some great characters with not too much background or study and rather we start to know the characters as we watch the movie . 
of course the best ( and funniest ) of them all is the only duo in history that have made me fall out of my chair laughing and that my friends are jay and silent bob . 
probably the best characters in movies that i like . 
the star-studded cast is amazing and has some other cameos by george carlin , jeanne garafolo and so may more that we start to lose track after a while . 
of course jason mewes and kevin smith do a great job as jay and silent bob with some priceless lines from jay ( as well as silent bob ) . 
being oscar winners for the classic 'good will hunting' they give great performances here again but matt damon seems just a little held back and to me did not give it all he could . 
well , there's a little bit of all of that in " the wedding singer " and while i exited the theater still not one hundred percent sure of mr . sandler's thing , i did have a surprisingly good time . 
it isn't giving anything away to say that robbie and julia fall in love . 
sandler and barrymore are a good match and they're assisted by some terrific cameo appearances , including steve buscemi and jon lovitz , whose individual scenes are perhaps the funniest in the film . 
herlihy and director frank coraci have done a great job of recreating the sights , sounds , and affectations of the 1980s . 
the mix of music and fashion would make " the wedding singer " a great double feature with " boogie nights . " 
the acting by all is quite good , but i particularly liked elijah wood . 
the ice storm is being hailed by many as one of the best films of the year . 
even so , it is a very good film . 
highlights of the movie include a spoof of jurassic park , garth's seduction by a married woman , a surprise appearance by charleton heston , a 1960's batman setup in the guy's pad , and some pretty groovy chats with jim morrison and some " naked indian guy , " an unexpected lip-sync of ymca ( you could see that one coming a mile away ) and of course a hilarious parody of those badly-dubbed kung-fu movies we love to laugh at . 
there are a few special effects , but they are fairly seamless , and fill nicely into the plot . 
the acting is good , for this sort of movie , but there are some very bright spots . 
there is lots of intelligent humor that makes this film special . 
this italian film star , best known in the united states for the poorly received son of the pink panther , has done the near impossible by creating a comic fable about the holocaust . 
but benigni's life is beautiful ( la vita e bella ) is not so much a story of the holocaust as it uses that monstrous outrage against humanity as a backdrop to tell a story of familial love , devotion and sacrifice . 
instead , guido ardently falls in love and persues dora , a local school teacher who already is engaged to a local fascist official . 
but racial and anti-semitic tensions are on the rise in italy , and guido has determined to do his best to shield his son from these harsh realities . 
it is at this juncture in life is beautiful may tend to offend those whom the holocaust has touched . 
life is beautiful is a fantasy , a fable . 
and that is simply where there is hope , where there is life and where there is love , the spark of humanity will never be extinguished . 
considering that the skeptic's best argument against the possibility of time travel is the idea of altered realities , writing a script that deals with this problem is an imposing task . 
now , the filmmakers might have perfectly good explanations for this , and i could probably come up with something fairly convoluted ( but nevertheless logical ) if i thought about it hard enough ( for example , the reason john gets advance information of the serial killer's murders was because the change had already happened in frank's world , and john is only witnessing the * projection * of that change ) , but explanations aren't really the point . 
director gregory hoblit and screenwriter toby emmerich structure " frequency " as good hollywood entertainment , establishing decent , likable characters , making us care for them , and setting up a goal to be reached and a conflict to be resolved . 
it actually uses the 1969 mets-orioles world series ( the one that featured the amazin' mets ) to great effect -- frank uses john's advance knowledge of the series outcome to convince his friends to believe him . 
some may find this scene blindingly confusing , as the reality shifts start coming fast and furious , but it does make sense if you think about it ( and give the script a lot of leeway ) , and let's face it : it's a darn cool way to end the film . 
watching the exchanges between frank and john will give you a pretty good idea of how to answer that question . 
andre braugher , late of the television show " homicide : life on the street , " gives a nice supporting turn as frank's best friend and future colleague of john . 
i freely acknowledge that " frequency " may best work as a " guy " movie , since it focuses on the very male-oriented idea of father-son relationships ( echoes of " field of dreams " can be easily heard ) , but the underlying concept is universally applicable . 
ll cool j's cook role as preacher , does for this film what steven seagal's cook could only dream to achieve in his two under siege films . 
playing the title role , martin is once again the good guy ; the one we cheer for to complete his low budget action movie . 
bowfinger is a very clever comedy with great performances from its two stars . 
martin , who also wrote the screenplay , is perfect as a jerk with a conscience and eddie murphy does his best " peter sellers " in two different , but equally hilarious , roles ; one as a big time move star and the other as his nerdy , burger king employee brother . 
if you accept the incredulous plot and the extreme caricatures of real entertainment figures , the movie is great fun . 
while phil is reflective on where all his best years have gone for him and is contemplating a career change , now that he is 52 and is painfully divorcing his wife , after having lived too lonely a life on the road for too long . 
but the insightful dialogue and refreshing dramatics , give it an intelligent selling point and make it a good product to see . 
but with each of them already involved with other parties , sara has john write his name and number on a $5 bill and she writes her name and number on a copy of love in the time of cholera . 
sara declares that if this " thing " -- let's just call it love -- is destined to happen , fate will bring them together in the future . 
i love this movie , and i've just seen for the umptenth time . 
with these four species she believes that she will make a very good paper . 
i liked howard morris the best as howard the accountant who has to diet to support his wife . 
the performances are good enough , in fact , to cover up many of the script's weaknesses . 
how to make an american quilt is basically an unremarkable , if affecting , tale of love across the generations--a sort of truncated american version of the joy luck club , with a dash of fried green tomatoes added . 
there are other episodes as well : the love of anna's life , marianna's soul mate , and a look at the reasons why constance entered into an affair with her friend's husband . 
on the whole , how to make an american quilt is a nicely-understated drama that has a lot to say about love , passion , and monogamy in relationships . 
if there's a disappointment here , it's that the script doesn't have more resonance , but the privilege of seeing such a fine cast in top form allows a viewer to enjoy this picture even if the story is somewhat conventional . 
on a more positive note , let me add that sometimes the green mile is almost good enough to make us forget its length . 
jay and silent bob strike back , kevin smith's swan song to his two most famous characters , is the best received comedy that i've seen since there's something about mary , which is a tea party in comparison to the foul-mouthed humor in jay and silent bob strike back . 
best of all are ben affleck and matt damon who mock themselves and their movies . 
granted , it's not the movie for everyone , but , if you like kevin smith's brand of humor , you'll find that this is his best . 
in a time when almost every movie feels obligated to come in at pg-13 so that they can rake in the maximum cash , it's great to see a filmmaker with the guts to target only a mature audience . 
what makes kiss the girls so good is the acting and the technical and visual impressiveness . 
sometimes a simple shot is the best one . 
however , the best aspect of kiss the girls is its actors . 
detective cross is a very good character for him , although it is just a similar one to the character in seven . 
gina ravera gives a good performance , but again she isn't in many of the scenes . 
some of the best acting of this genre , and some of the best acting of the year . 
two other essential aspects of the film are quite good . 
director gary fleder does a good job of controlling his actors , but the second half of the film loses believability , especially during the revelation of the killer . 
the showdown between good and evil was quite tense , and the resolution of the scene makes almost anyone cheer . 
this is a rollickingly good thriller ; intense , exciting , fast and furious . 
tommy lee jones basically just reprises the role for which he won an oscar in the fugitive , but the movie makes good use of his stone-faced wit . 
after all the idealistic hollywood features featuring hero cops , deft fbi agents and the virtues of the american legal system , it's great to see a movie that doesn't so much demonstrate their fallacy as it delights in their failure . 
double jeopardy is really good , but it isn't the kind of good that is remembered or recognized with awards . 
other words , every day is the worst day in his entire life . 
in this delightfully frothy italian romantic comedy , after accidentally being left behind by a tour bus while on a family vacation with her cranky husband and two cynical teenagers , rosalba ( licia maglietta ) , an unhappy housewife from pescara , finds herself - and love - in venice . 
film-maker silvio soldini gently explores the blossoming of this bored , middle-aged , middle-class woman with warmth and affection , savoring special moments such as when rosalba starts playing the accordion again and abandons her maroon stretch pants , silver jacket and orange sneakers for a simple , new red-and-white dress with platform-soled espadrilles . 
which is obviously director wes craven ( who does a good job of poking fun of the genre that made him a legend ) patting himself on the back as he directed the first nightmare movie and none of the others , and when tatum , sidney's friend , mentions the director , wes carpenter , which is obviously an homage by writer kevin williamson to not only craven , but also director john carpenter . 
the cast is well chosen , neve campbell pulls off a good heroine ( and unlike most horror film heroines , she * can * act ) , drew barrymore does a good janet leigh impression for what little time she has in the film , and david arquette is impressive . 
also good ( and funny ) in his role is henry winkler ( " the fonz " ) as the school principal . 
admittedly , it seems to rip off a great deal of its plot devices from disaster flicks of days gone by ( think poseidon adventure ) . 
but the decent dialogue and surprisingly good acting make up for the " haven't i seen this scene somewhere before ? " 
good old sly , who is only feet away from entering the tunnel when it collapses , offers his services to the rescuers , who gladly accept it . 
amy brenneman is the only actor of any note , and she does a pretty good job as stallone's reluctant helper . 
go to school and get a good education -- you don't have a future in acting . 
special effects weren't bad -- but i've certainly seen better . 
i suppose if you have to rip off a movie for good ideas , the poseidon adventure is a good one to use . 
they were the best part of the movie by a long shot . 
if you don't like this film , then you have a problem with the genre itself : armageddon is as good as a film like this can be . 
it's absurd to wish for a complicated story in an event movie or a special effects movie or whatever it is you'd like to call armageddon . 
the special effects in this film put every other 1998 blockbuster to shame . 
special effects are very important in a film like this : if they're not good , then the image is not convincing , and the film doesn't work . 
tyler and affleck are great together , and make a convincing couple -- all of the scenes between them work on a comfortable level . 
it might have been created for the wrong reasons , but men like michael bay have my respect for showing me that they are interested in making something good , in spite of the producers and the budget . 
all in all , " scream 3 " does not fall victim to the most lamented principle of a trilogy : it is not the worst of the films . 
but then , it does seem best to quit while you ? ? ? re ahead , and " scream 3 " does a fine job of providing closure to its characters . 
altogether good performances were put in by all the cast and the director blended everything marvelously with the necessary special effects to create a good movie . 
as most movies have their good things they also have their bad things . 
the best thing is how these words aren't just there for the punchlines , but are great precisely because they're said in character , like tea leoni's neurotically-charged psychobabbler who's able to say under assault , " it's understandable if you find this threatening " . 
and that , the film suggests , is the essential family state - and you better learn to love it . 
not too many people know who james whale is , but it's a safe bet that a good chunk of them have seen his movies . 
you know the spiel : a lame plot recycled from some well-known story , colorful , almost psychedelic animation , the lead character who learns a valuable moral lesson , the comedic sidekick/sidekicks , the seemingly unattainable love interest , a few catchy songs , a few in-jokes for adults , and the occasional out of place warner-brothers-coyote-fall-off-the-cliff type joke . 
this is where the movie becomes shockingly good . 
 " beauty and the beast " 's beautiful belle , for instance , learned that beauty was derived from a person's inside , and was then rewarded by having the beast turn into a handsome prince in snazzy clothing . 
although the wait is unfortunate , it's good to know that it's being released at all , for " kiki's delivery service " is definitely a movie worthy of widespread promotion and release . 
along with " man bites dog , " and perhaps something by woody allen , this is the best movie i've ever seen . 
kevin smith must be a very likable person because several good sports took a ton of kidding in this feature , most notably miramax , the studio whose subsidiary , dimension films , is jay and silent bob's distributor . 
in hollywood , jay and silent bob sneak onto the miramax lot where they crash the set and are mistaken for extras of the latest affleck-damon picture , good will hunting 2 : hunting season . 
finally , comes a star wars homage featuring one of the stars of that legendary feature . 
so smith has provided them with just the right kind of exit , saving the best for last . 
the farrelly brothers' third film , after dumb and dumber ( 7 . 5/10 ) and kingpin ( 8/10 ) , brings together the real-life couple of cameron diaz and matt dillon , some nasty humour , a cute dog , and a mix of love , fate and romance . 
having said that , i must admit that i did like the farrellys' two previous films more than this one , but that is saying a lot , since i really did love those earlier pics . 
not a good place to be . 
the laughter practically killed out the next scene for one of the best ones in the movie ( something to do with hair gel ) . 
and of course , i never quite buy the fact that these beautiful , intelligent , single women still can't seem to find the " right guy " ( see kiss the girls ( 7/10 ) . 
i did really like all of the actors in the film , especially ben stiller , who appears to be solidifying his mark as a great comical actor with this picture and one of my favourites from 1996 , flirting with disaster ( 8/10 ) . 
also , make sure that you stay for the credits , because there is an entire montage of outtakes from the film that plays under a lip-synched version of " build me up buttercup " , which is really cool . 
hollywood has given audiences plenty of thrills with those alien films , but what was usually lacking was a good story . . . 
and good characters . . . 
and good acting , etc ( contact being the exception ) . 
vincent was born the natural way when his parents decided on bringing their first child into the world through love . 
irene cassini ( uma thurman ) is a genetically flawed " valid " working for gattaca , and she begins to fall in love with vincent/jerome . 
gattaca is one of the best science fiction films i have seen in a long time . 
unfortunately , whenever one intelligent film comes out against special effects-laden films , it normally gets buried . 
the second best thing about gattaca is the production design by jan roelfs . 
the best thing , however , is the plot . 
ethan hawke has developed into a handsome adult actor , giving his best performance of his lifetime so far . 
still , he does a good job . 
gore vidal and xander berkeley both provide some very good supporting roles , and berkeley also gives a heartfelt discussion towards the end of the film . 
p . s . personal note to p . j . gladnick : how dare you call this film the worst film of the year . 
the film also posesses two fantastic performances from its two leads , and some good supporting work along with it . 
kate may be the best actress in her age group ( if you don't believe me , see " titanic , " branagh's " hamlet , " " sense and sensibility , " and " heavenly creatures , " the latter one being my favorite performance of hers ) . 
in the supporting roles , liam cunningham is a wonderfully flawed teacher , exposing all his bad parts , but ultimately being a pretty good person ; and rachel griffiths is wonderfully immature as jude's wife , whom he never divorces . 
but those who appreciate good social commentary with their films , no matter how slow or downright depressing they are ( this one is both ) will appreciate " jude , " though i doubt anyone truly enjoys it . 
but the best scenes are ones that feature eastwood duking it out with those in authority over him . 
although both films have a lot in common ( ground-breaking special effects , brilliant score by john williams ) their future was different ; one became an unstoppable cult phenomenon , and another almost forgotten and stuck forever in its shadow . 
together with other young directors of his " new hollywood " generation , like kauffman , carpenter , hill and millius , he exploited the great creative freedom of 1970s , when even the mainstream producers dared to experiment . 
spielberg here shows great mastery by using the very same techniques of jaws to make completely different effects . 
the slow , gradual yet very disciplined series of dramatic incidents - " close encounters " - is set in order to bring the viewer to the great revelation in the finale . 
throughout the movie the viewer knows that something big , magnificent and wonderful is about to happen , and great magician spielberg delivers his promise in the end . 
the last sequence , with its , even in this age , impressive special effects by the great virtuoso douglas trumbull , would leave many mouths open . 
one of the great virtues of this film is its optimism . 
spielberg's humane approach and faith in the future also lies in great contrast to the pessimistic mood of its era ; the only hint of the contemporary gloom is post-watergate portrayal of government as conspiratorial towards the public . 
there lies the main , and probably the only flaw of this great picture - lack of conflict , and consequently , lack of drama . 
the movie has few excitements or even action scenes ( especially the last that may be an interesting homage to hitchcock's north by northwest ) but generally , almost everyone - neary , jillian , government , aliens - are the good guys . 
despite such shortcomings , the actors were good and manage to bring multidimensionality to their simple roles . 
apart from visual wonders of this film , spielberg's semi-official composer john williams again excels by his beautiful music , this time using the simple melody both as the element of a plot , and as the basis for his score . 
anyway , whether the viewer believes in existence of extraterrestrials or ufos , close encounters of the third kind remains the great movie , and one of the rare uplifting experiences in modern cinema . 
it should come as no surprise that hanks the director works well with the actors , eliciting charming , likable work from the entire cast , most notably hanks lookalike scott and tyler , who is remarkable in delivering the film's biggest and best dramatic moment . 
he's racist , homophobic , and never has a good word to say to anyone . 
like good will hunting ( 1997 ) and titanic ( 1997 ) , even though the outcome is completely obvious , as good as it gets is an enjoyable , funny and warm comedy . 
hunt is also good as waitress carol , and easily rises to the challenge of nicholson . 
although his performance is good , his character just seems to exist to help melvin and carol come together . 
providing solid support is cuba gooding , jnr ( jerry maguire , 1996 ) and yeardly smith ( who is the voice of lisa simpsons in the simpsons ) although gooding isn't as good as is character in maguire , he is still fun . 
he overacts a little , but not so much as to be annoying . 
smith is also good , although she has a fairly small role . 
he's character is so hateful , though , it's amazing that anyone talks to him at all , especially carol . 
she doesn't fall in love with him naturally , the film forces her to fall in love with him . 
brooks direction is good , though , if a bit average , but he usually manages to get an emotion out of the audience . 
he handles the comedy scenes better than the sentimental ones ( he tends to pile on to much schmaltz ) but generally he's good . 
but , generally , as good as it gets achieves what it sets out to do , which is to make the audience feel good by the end of the movie . 
the movie is a bit overlong , but nicholson is such good fun that the running time passes by pretty quickly . 
overall , as good as it gets is a fun movie , even though it may be unbelivable , and certainly worth seeing ( if just for jack nicholsons performance . ) 
not quite as good as it gets ( pardon the bad joke ) , but still good fun . 
critique : awesome ! 
i love dark movies , i love stylish movies , i love good mysteries and i love johnny depp . . . so 
in fact , most of this film's structure is very creative , the actors , all solid , the atmosphere and " feel " of the picture , remarkably real ( gotta love those " unfortunates " ) , and the descent into darkness , well honed by the filmmakers . 
the theory in this film is based on the graphic novel " from hell " written by alan moore and presents a compelling story , which despite being a little oliver stone-ish , did manage to tie up all of its loose ends quite nicely , and present us with an entertaining bowl of mayhem , sexual depravity , drug usage , insanity , murders and love ? 
yes , the brothers even managed to slip a little " love " story in here , and despite not truly being developed , i guess it could've been much worse and taken up more time than was provided already . 
overall , this is an extremely creepy production , with glorious cinematography ( reminiscent of coppola's dracula and burton's sleepy hollow ) , a grim score and solid acting . 
but i for one love movies that blend their eclectic visual style with an interesting mystery and palpable , gothic atmosphere , and this flick is just that and plenty more ! 
the stranger is zack ( bill paxton ) who appears like a decent enough good samaritan . 
are they even giving them good food anymore ? 
perlman gives the films' best performance . 
along the way , valjean meets and falls in love with a peasant woman , fantine ( uma thurman ) , and vows to take care of her daughter , cosette ( played later by claire danes ) . 
augusts keeps the story simple ( which i hear is a good thing , since the novel is so complex ) and easy to follow . 
thurman , in her small role , is very good , and proves that she has a lot of range and can perform in a very non-glamorous role such as this one . 
it's a good movie , and tells its story well , but august tends to hand-feed us themes and scenes that would have worked better had they been more subtle . 
however , you have been missing out on a true masterpeice , the best film of 1986 , and the best film about adolescent life ever made . 
they gradually become good friends , and spend the summer together doing various things , such as studying insects ( namely locusts , who come out of hiding once every 17 years ) , playing tennis , and listening to a symphony orchestra through a manhole cover . 
lucas is obviously in love with maggie , and while she is charmed by him , it's clear that she would never consider him anything more than a very good friend . 
next we are introduced to another great character named cappie ( charlie sheen ) . 
lucas is filled with great performances . 
sheen's cappie is almost too good to be true , but sheen makes him beleivable , especially when he explains the reason why he protects lucas . 
when people talk about the great teen angst films of the 80s , you hear john hughes this and john hughes that . 
brosnan , all around good guy , will , of course , save the day . 
these sequences are considered to be the best part in this three act film , even though i found the later portions to be equally stunning . 
he continually absorbs the worst punishment and humiliation , and it basically does not stop . 
he will punish the rest of the soon-to-be-marines for pyle's goof-ups , even after joker was assigned to help him out in the best way he can . 
pyle then receives punishment from his fellow recruits , and things take a turn for the worst . 
cy keeps questioning the kid about everything including words like " cool . " 
as 12-year-old spencer , joseph mazzello from the jurassic park film series gives a remarkably good performance as a wimpy and initially tongue-tied kid . 
he called it " an especially good movie " and gave it * * * * . 
as the film warns us at the beginning , it's not the full story , and some liberties have been taken , but generally this the bible story we all know and love , featuring burning bushes , the plagues and the parting of the red sea . 
the film seems a little caught up with it's amazing visuals by showing a lot of sweeping visuals and 'moving' shots , but they _do_ look incredible . 
the vocal talent is also very good . 
sandra bullock and jeff goldblum are great , and steve martin and martin short are very good , but not in the film long enough . 
the songs are good , ranging from the usual love sonnets to the traditional big production number . 
the musical score is suitably epic , with some beautiful tunes . 
coupled with the superb visuals , the prince of egypt is a visual and aural treat , backed up with a great story . 
it's ironic that the best films in cinema history are invariably the original director's cut of the film . 
the dvd release of the original international version of luc besson's 1995 masterpiece the professional , which is known as l ? on around the world , is a prime example of how a good film can become an instant classic as a director's cut . 
she then falls in love with him and manages to reawaken emotions within l ? on he has kept locked away as part of his profession . 
the best part of this extra footage is that gives better understanding of both mathilda's and l ? on's motivations pertaining to later actions involving oldman and his crew of bad cops . 
there's even a previously unseen cameo by the great french actor jean-hugues anglade - star of queen margot , besson's la femme nikita , and killing zoe . 
human traffic , a new film exploring the british underground party/rave scene and the people immersed in the world of clubbing , pubbing , drugs , sex , and the beautiful , beautiful music , is an example of how it really ought to be done . 
lulu ( lorraine pilkington ) , jip's best mate , is tired of her cheating boyfriends . 
and moff ( danny dyer ) can't seem to escape the black hole of his awful life . 
the film follows these five individuals during one weekend as each of them discovers love , friendship , and self-fulfillment , all against the raging party background . 
his is one of the best gangster characters i've seen in years . 
nonetheless , " snatch " is terrific sophomore effort , a darn good action comedy and a hoot to boot . 
it is not surprising that tim harvey and alexandra byrne were nominated for best art direction and best costume design oscars , respectively . 
hamlet seems to be a who's who of shakespearean-trained actors , so watching them perform the craft for which they have much love is a delight in itself . 
billy crystal is surprisingly good as the gravedigger who unearths the skull of yorick , whom hamlet knew quite well . 
we watch him grow up and become best bud and a chariot racing partner to ramses ( ralph fiennes ) , the future pharaoh . 
carry on matron is the last great carry-on film in my opinion . 
there are great cameos from joan sims , an expectant mother who is many weeks overdue and is eating constantly in every scene , and from kenneth connor as the expectant father who still thinks he's at work ( at the railway station ) . 
there are good performances by hattie jacques as the matron , however her character seems a little more subdued and quieter than her previous 'matron's' . 
williams is , as usual , on top form , but sid james isn't given a very good part in this movie and i would forgive anyone to forget that he was in the movie at all . 
by not making use of sid james and barbara windsor's talent to full effect , the film seems to flounder , but it certainly makes up for it with it's good storyline and it's other appealing characters . 
joe is cocky , but also good at heart as he continues to carry out kind deeds for people he doesn't even know . 
this is best exemplified by the group of yugoslavians henderson , his producer and flynn have befriended . 
the picture is also bolstered by beautiful cinematography that captures the devastation of this city that hosted the 1984 olympics . 
but by the attentiveness of the crowd i'd say they were won over - as was i . i can't tell yet if truman really is that good , or if it only seems that good in comparison to the awful mountain of crap spewed forth from the bowls of hollywood so far this year . 
the truman show is a film best viewed cold , with as little foreknowledge as possible about the plot . 
carrey stars as truman burbank , a capra-esque everyman insurance agent living with his beautiful wife meryl ( laura linney ) in the south florida island town of seahaven , which looks like michael eisner's idea of the perfect american small town . 
truman would seem to live the perfect middle class lifestyle , complete with a working wife , a best bud , friendly neighbors and interesting co-workers . 
there is tragedy in his past - his father drowned in a horrible boating accident , leaving truman with a dreadful fear of water , and of travel in general - but overall , life is good . 
his best friend marlon ( noah emmerich ) always has a six pack of beer with him . 
this convincing reality of television as progenitor of reality is a magical and provocative concept ; the best thing jim carrey does is stay out of its way . 
the dramatic comedy cousins has all the necessary ingredients : a witty and whimsical script , inspired performances , a great sense of humor , a large and wonderful cast , and the beautiful scenery of vancouver . 
soon the pretending turns to love and cousins is off and running . 
and finally , lloyd bridges in a tour de force performance is mitch's rambunctious grandfather ; he provides some of cousins' best lines and laughs . 
how often do you see a movie where you believe that two characters truly and sincerely care for and love each other , as friends and as lovers ? 
_the caveman's valentine_ is a fine and a courageous film , crazy enough to suggest that the delirious yammering of an idiot savant is the best and truest paladin of order in the chaos of eliot's rat's alley wasteland . 
take it from me , south park : b , l , and u , isn't as good as you'd hope , but it is good for some laughs . 
elizabeth i must face the decision to give up personal pleasures , and her lover ( joseph fiennes of shakespeare in love ) , in order to rule , successfully , the country , which she did for 40 more years . 
both elizabeth and shakespeare in love are set in the elizabethian era , and both feature a queen elizabeth i ( judi dench plays her in love ) , or course . 
yet , i found elizabeth more stimulating and involving than love , not just because elizabeth features a great deal more of elizabeth i , but because i found blanchette a more powerful , hypnotic sense for the role . 
elizabeth , also featuring geoffrey rush and richard attenborough , is my pick for the best picture of 1998 award . 
the effects are stunning , the digitalized creatures are amazingly realistic , the lightsaber duels are amazing , and queen amidala's sumptuous robes are fit to be worn by queen elizabeth . 
the actors struggle as best they can to flesh out broad-stroked and flat characters . 
however , mcgregor does struggle manfully to infuse this surprisingly small supporting role with a spark of genuine insight and humanity , and he does a good job . 
there's no meat - no substance - that makes you want to love the characters as they are , not as they will be . 
and jar jar binks , a silly roger rabbitish amphibious character , is intended as comic relief , but what he really becomes is annoying - and fast . 
well , he's done a good job . 
that's not jake lloyd's fault , though - he does a good job of being a cute kid , which is apparently all lucas asked of him . 
this dude has maybe two lines in the entire movie , but he establishes his presence through his amazing moves with his double-sided lightsaber , and his scary facial makeup . 
shallow though it might sound , it's amazing how much is filled in through an inspired cast , perceptive camerawork , and imaginative ways of treating the love scene . 
chareau's restless camera ( once again wielded by superb and ever-attentive cinematographer eric gautier ) is less appropriate here than in his family transit-oriented those who love me can take the train . 
an evaluation would be incomplete without highlighting the great timothy spall ( the robust scene-stealer of many a mike leigh collaboration ) . 
his overreaching best pal demeanor suggests a mind abuzz with secret passageways of guile , his pointed questions only na ? ve if you choose not to read into their crafty insinuations . 
in his unassuming way , spall's carefully etched interpretation of hostility buried under a mountain of surface propriety may become one of the most criminally underappreciated performances of the year , but maybe also one of the best . 
he's that good . 
the good news ? 
donkey is a hyperactive , endearingly stunted creature who can talk and , therefore , believes will make a great misfit pairing with the uncooperative shrek . 
lithgow's a good choice for the supercilious , height-challenged villain lord farquaad . 
 " shrek " has good lessons for kids and humor targetted at every age group in the family . 
perhaps the most dramatic changes in the motion picture industry in this decade have to do with special effects . 
the latest in this visually awesome series of movies , the wachowski brothers' the matrix , is a testament to the skilled use of special effects and its ability to enhance a movie's story . 
unlike many sci-fi movies which promote themselves as effects-heavy blockbusters but fail to deliver on that promise , the matrix is a carefully constructed special effects event . 
the viewers don't care about what the matrix has to say as long as the next special effects sequence is right around the corner . 
the casting cannot be criticized , for the typically stoic reeves isn't required to say much and laurence fishburne gets plenty of time to be so damn cool . 
one of the best comparisons to thw matrix is last year's science fiction masterpiece dark city , particularly if one ponders how this same premise would've worked from a different approach . 
it's one of those cool little finds that no one seems to know about . 
the rest of the film takes good advantage of billy's vulnerable position as a mute foreigner in moscow being pursued by powerful criminal figures . 
well , as this movie shows us , they make good companions but pale in comparison to the joy and fulfillment romantic relationships can bring . 
a checkpoint beautiful kind of thing , and janeane garafolo's character abby relates to it well . 
like a certain oversized teenage movie critic , she is intelligent and has a great sense of humor but strikes out with the opposite sex because she sees herself as physically unattractive , and the men seem to be backing her up on that . 
the dog man finds out even though this girl is beautiful , she's not quite as intellectual or confident about herself in person , but he doesn't suspect anything , realizing he's not living in a " three's company " episode . 
while " everyone's " production numbers make an otherwise ordinary woody tale something special , jane campion's imaginative visuals only serve to emphasize how pompous and uninvolving laura jones' script is . 
i left " everyone says i love you " not remembering a lot about who loved whom , but its infectious happiness put a grin on my face . 
woody is again desperately in love with a beautiful woman ( roberts ) , and against the odds they manage to click for awhile before allen is left wondering what went wrong--again . 
however , nothing allen has ever done prepared me for this one-of-a-kind display of sheer good spirits . 
yes , the movie would have been better--among his very best , i think--if it had a meatier story . 
love is often best expressed in a song , and the numbers the cast break into here cut straight to the heart . 
their singing voices range from quite good ( goldie hawn ) to not quite good ( allen ) to literally unlistenable ( barrymore , whose real voice was dubbed by a professional ) . 
but while their vocal abilities differ , all the actors do a great job of putting joy up there on the screen , and making it rub off on the audience . 
campion and her cinematographer stuart dryburgh come up with a great variety of eye-filling images that linger in the mind . 
with both films , my head cared about neither story , but only " everyone says i love you " was able to make my heart sing . 
and what's uncanny is that lapaglia is a dead ringer for robert de niro , with a little bit of alec baldwin thrown in for good measure . 
special investigator kujan ( chazz palminteri ) grills " verbal " kint ( kevin spacey ) , a crippled con-man who is the lone survivor of an la boat explosion that claimed more than 20 victims . 
baldwin is also very good , he is careful , methodical , and cold , a chilling character with a nasty streak of hot-blooded sarcasm . 
pollak is also terrific as usual , a very good character actor . 
spacey's performance will be remembered for years , for it is the best of his career , it may be the best supporting actor performance in the last 50 years . 
the film is a good one , a decent film until the last 10 minutes . 
one sequence in particular , involving bateman describing his love for huey lewis and the news' song " hip to be square " right before burying an axe in a co-worker's head , features one of the most eccentric and kinetic performances i have ever seen on film . 
on a similar note , whitney houston's cover of " the greatest love of all " is also involved in a scene comparable to the other two and it is very obvious that it isn't the houston version at all but merely an instrumental version culled from an unknown source . 
there is no suggestion of sexuality in the relationship ; ilona and lauri sleep in separate beds and their gestures of affection lack the heat of desire ; their lives are now bound by something more complex and desperate than love . 
it must have been tempting to play the story for more laughs , more farce , more deadpan wit , but the film's great strength is the sober , empathic manner in which it observes lauri and ilona's misfortunes . 
all this is observed keenly , with great economy : every cut , every line of dialogue , is judicious . 
the characters are unremarkable , their best years behind them , their dreams dissipated ; it takes all the effort they can muster just to pay the bills . 
but the need to love and be loved is so strong , they easily ignore the dangers of the less subtle addiction she introduces them to . 
even the viewer is somehow lulled into feeling like the love she offers is similar to being in a real family . 
but in my opinion , boogie nights , is not the best film of the year . 
david caruso , as gordo's senior man and near equal in the business , shows just how good an actor he is . 
it takes on a fairly conventional finale that covers old ground and is a bit of a disappointment after the terrific ( and inspired ) build up . 
but after diasappointing films such as " godzilla " and " fear and loathing in las vegas " , it would be nice to see a really good film . 
the truman show is one of the most unique films i have ever seen , and it deserves a spot on the " decade's best " list . 
there is no way to isolate any single component of this picture and proclaim , " yes , that's what makes this film great . " 
there is something strangely beautiful about every shot in the truman show . 
but above all else , the truman show was a stunningly beautiful picture with humor , heart and scary realism . 
the only reason i bother with this bit of information is because i feel bad admitting , time after time , that i haven't read any of the books on which these films are based ( the only exception , i believe , is great expectations ) . 
i can say that it's a terrific film , with sharp acting , great dialogue , and pumping full of energy and style injected by soderbergh . 
lopez is , of course , beautiful , but she can act , too . 
the two actors have arresting chemistry with one another -- the best scene in the film , by far , is the seduction scene . 
the scene is a series of soft nuances and glances , layered upon light dialogue , and the result is one of the better love scenes in recent cinema -- meaningful and engrossing . 
dennis farina , who plays karen's father , is good , as is don cheadle as the profoundly stupid villain . 
overall , i can recommend it simply as great entertainment . 
not every film has to change your life , and it's nice to see a movie that uses the art to tell a great story and simply to entertain its viewers . 
as for the book , this film is good enough to make me believe that there might be something in the text worth looking at . 
george lucas is an expert at crafting triumphant , special effects-bound flicks and he has done it again . 
what is compelling about the phantom menace is not its disposable story , but its amazing visuals . 
secondly ( this may be good or bad , depending on your point of view ) , the movie's atmosphere is so different from the familiar comic-book feel of the previous three star wars installments . 
natalie portman has a great presence , but her turn as queen amadala makes the queen a stoic , unfeeling ? enigma . 
the heightened excitement of the final sequences doesn't quite surpass the famous the empire strikes back climactic scenes , but they are amazing and edge-of-your-seat fun in their own rite . 
the visual effects are astonishing 99 . 8% of the time- the awe-inspiring , mouth-opening , eye-popping sight of the underwater city is nothing short of production design and special effects genius . 
it is the best " fun " film and the best big-budget film out today , most definitely . 
ellie arroway is a well-rounded character portrayed by one of the best actresses currently working . 
her real father is an idealized movie dad who does nothing in the film but love his daughter unconditionally . 
even palmer joss ( matthew mcconaughey ) , ellie's love interest , takes a paternalistic interest in ellie , seeing her as a misguided person who needs protection from her own impulses . 
the part of the film dealing with the message has the best presentation of real science in a film since the andromeda strain . 
smith's debilitating disease makes him an obvious physical choice for " simon birch " ; however , the producers unwisely favored form over function--smith's acting abilities are limited at best . 
first and foremost is joseph mazzello ( " jurassic park " ) , who is nothing less than remarkable as simon's best friend , joe . 
but it's dumb in the best way a movie can be dumb : it's so silly and outrageous it's hilarious . 
and above all , he's a good janitor who adores his work . 
the movie is good enough to see in the theaters , but it may work even better on television , the very medium at which it pokes fun . 
the muppet movie is the first , and the best movie among the ever-growing list of muppet movies . 
however , despite this uninteresting sub-plot , turner did manage to give a great performance as the woman who reminds the two men that sometimes there's more to life than money and birds . 
 " a breed apart " isn't a great movie by any means , but it does contain good performances by all three leads , and it's worth seeing for that reason alone . 
in his mind , he is the best thing on television and the people love him . 
van doren had decided to try out for the game show " tic tac dough " because his friends thought he would be good at that sort of thing . 
the performances turned in by john turturro , ralph fiennes , and rob morrow are very good , although it seems that turturro stands out more than any . 
the film in no way is about lesbianism , but about love , which was a refreshing change of pace from the usual stereotypical portraits of homosexuality . 
as lucy and syd grow closer and closer together , we really do believe that they are falling in love with each other , even if the relationship might be doomed . 
also very good is radha mitchell as syd , who previously starred in the slight 1997 australian comedy , " love and other catastrophes , " wh caught me by surprise with her performance . 
for once , it did not invlove steaminess , or violent sexual activity , or gratuitous nudity , but focused on the actual characters , who love each other , and their insecurities involved in making the decision to actually have sex . 
 " high art , " which won the screenwriting award at the 1998 sundance film festival , marks the superior feature film debut of cholodenko , as well as sheedy's strongest , and best , role to date . 
the movie has also been remastered in a wonderful six channel digital sound mix , and is amazing . 
as a director friedkin has been well known for other films , but his standout film is " the exorcist " nominated for several academy awards it one a few , but was somehow doubted best picture , best actress ( ellen burstyn ) and best supporting actress ( linda blair ) who at the age of i believe thirteen does a wonderful job of being a little girl , alone , possessed and unable to stop what is going on . 
ellen burstyn i think gives her best performance to date , and can be seen currently in " requiem for a dream " to which she is getting rave reviews for . 
jason miller ( jason patrik's dad ) is amazing as father karras , and his performance will be forever embedded in my mind , to me he is the character who makes the entire film float along . 
their troubled youths have forged two nihilistic souls who use their amazing gunplay skills to survive . 
because the chidduck's can not go to the police and because of the special circumstances involving the kidnapping , we are introduced to more characters that will help to influence the outcome . 
it feels cool with its elements of conspiracy and gunplay , and smart for its invective dialogue and tough guy poetry . 
first , getting through all the usual lines of newspaper glitz : " if you liked scream , you'll love wild things ! " 
 ( oh yeah , the day a newspaper uses these is the day neve campbell falls in love with me ) 
sure , it's all too good to be true , but ain't it fun to watch ? 
when movies like this come along ( sort of a better version of basic instinct ) there is bound to be people who either love it or hate it . 
wild things begins at blue bay high school , the one high school in the world that any teenager would love to get into . 
there's also kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , a snobby rich teen who has fallen in love with sam . 
it's good trash , in a sense . 
bill murray also provides the best character in the film , and most of the genuine laughs . 
campbell is probably the best in the film and shows her wide range of talent . 
hopefully one day she will land a very good role that can display her ability . 
she gives a very good performance , although her character is mostly left to the background for the first hour and a half . 
on the male side , matt dillon is probably the best , giving a subtle performance that surprises with every twist . 
mcnaughton has finally put the ending credits to good use ( while most comedies use it for outtakes ) . 
meanwhile , cusack meets a business partner ( catherine keener ) , in which he falls madly in love with her . 
[theater rating : * * * : good seats , sound , and picture] 
in the movies , the good guys can run through a firestorm of bullets and bombs and not get a scratch , but in reality that wouldn't happen . 
the film seems to rely on the audience's sense of patriotism , that the american military is " right " and good and that the nazis are " inherently evil . " 
along the way many things happen to them , both good and bad . 
in fact , only a small amount of color and personality is sketched into each man , and the performances are good enough to make this method work . 
just as well , since the hooker , named vivian , is a beautiful , generally upbeat young woman who is the type of person that can lend an understanding ear . 
you honestly don't need a high-iq ( or any iq , for that matter ) to guess how the film will end , and the story is as old as my great great grandma bertha . 
roberts has continually proven to not only be a strong actress with a flare for comedy , but also one who can efficiently do drama , and in almost every film she appears in , it is difficult not to fall in love with her along with her male co-star . 
helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy . 
but sure enough it comes through and has a great storyline to fall back on . 
geoffrey rush gives a one in a million performance as the rich steven price , and does a great job doing a vincent price role . 
famke jansen as his wife was great and even kind of eerie at times . 
chris kattan gives us great comic relief and the movie contains a lot of comical lines . 
peter ghallager and brigette wilson were great as well and gave commanding performances as potential victims . 
one thing i knew not to expect was a 'haunting' type movie with special effects galore . 
even though it had fantastic gore and special effects , the movie has only a 19 million dollar budget , which doesn's show all the way through but you can tell . 
i was expecting another haunting with special effects , no scares and a dumb ending . 
instead i found a good halloween movie with gore , scares and great acting . 
though it is a well-made movie with a good storyline it still has some flaws . 
certainly , the relationship between whale and boone is headed for a downfall , since whale starts to grow a deep love for this young man , even though boone is not gay , and whale himself realizes he is nearing the conclusion to his life , as he begins to seldom suffer mild strokes and moments of true catharsis . 
it is evident that whale's first love in his life was making movies , and when his career ultimately fell apart , so did his passion in life . 
he never hid the fact that he was gay , however , even if it meant threatening his filmmaking profession , and it was this unblinking honesty that made him a great person . 
it is a sad testament when a person's true talent and love is unfairly taken away from them , based on the scrutinization and judgement of their personal life , which , ironically enough , is no one else's business in the first place . 
one way of telling if a film is good or not is by the length . 
jack horner ( reynolds ) is a adult film director , who decides that eddie would be great in the adult movie business . 
but the best thing about the excellent boogie nights is paul andersons direction and writing . 
there are some great shots , some lovely steadiocam and handheld camera sequences , and lots of other neat directional touches . 
like american graffiti ( 1973 ) , the film features some great old songs on the soundtrack , which heightens the atmosphere , and gives the film an extra lift . 
also , the costumes are great . 
burt reynolds is brilliant , julianne moore shows real emotion , and william h . macy is great aswell ( but he always is . ) 
even if the whole thing proves to be a creative delusion , one agrees with the character judgment passed down on him by his new girlfriend , ruby ( marisa tomei ) : " he's a freak , but he sure tells a good story ! " 
neurotic ruby thinks she may have found true love after a series of nightmarish dating disasters ( the junkie , the fetishist , the artist , the frenchman , etc . ) , but isn't quite sure how to handle " sam deed " when he starts explaining the barcode on his arm , his elaborately constructed fake identity , his pathological fear of dogs , his ability to speak five different languages , and his mission to change a crucial moment in time that may have ramifications on time's alternate realities . 
ruby's close friend gretchen ( cuz ya can't have a love story without the token friend , though nadia dajani invests the thankless role with warmth ) chalks it up as a sexy role-playing game , but her cautious therapist ( holland taylor ) warns her that co-dependency is rearing its ugly head again and she's in over her head with yet another doomed relationship . 
despite her winning an academy award , marisa tomei has always struck me as an annoying and unwelcome screen presence , one that undermines the pleasure of watching happy accidents . 
never mind that there's so much going on in this movie in terms of plot , action , special effects and long-term story that to analyze every aspect would take a lot of time and energy and still wouldn't cover everything . 
what we get here is a movie not unlike any of the other three we've come to know and love since the late 1970s . 
jinn can feel that skywalker has a great natural power in the force , and through another sub-plot involving a bet on skywalker in a fantastic race he will enter , more and more details of his significance begin to reveal themselves . 
and at least it's all in the spirit of the ultimate powers of good versus evil in a fun and exciting matter . 
the rest of the cast is also very good . 
in fact , it's one of the best films this year : it's smart , subtle , and funny , but it's also perfect family entertainment and relentlessly entertaining . 
i haven't had such a good time at the movies in months . 
created by pixar , the same people who brought us toy story , a bug's life has some of the most amazing visuals i've ever seen . 
flick , with solid voice work from foley , is a great guy to lead the story . 
but the real treat comes with the circus bugs ; they're such a likable group of characters -- the standouts are the stick ( hyde-pierce is so good ) , francis the ladybug , and the big fat caterpillar . 
it really is too bad that it had to come out so close to that other bug movie , but a bug's life is so good that i'm sure it will find its audience . 
while i freely admit that i know less than nothing about the market ( knowledge check : prices up -- good ; prices down -- bad ; most of the time , at least ) and hence really couldn't comment with any authority , it's always nonetheless struck me as an incredibly naive oversimplification of an astonishingly complex system ( and besides , if it were that simple , no doubt somebody would've already figured it all out ) . 
 " mathematics is the language of the universe , " insists genius protagonist maximillian cohen ( sean gullette ) in a cool , mantra-like voice-over which repeats throughout the picture . 
at one point , marcy dawson ( pamela hart , great fun ) entices max with the offer of an invaluable treasure : a one-of-a-kind . . . 
 " isn't it beautiful , " she coos . 
so he turns to his " best " friend , jack ( jeff bridges ) another screenwriter who's enjoyed success after success . 
 " the muse " is albert brooks' sixth film as writer/director/actor ( he co-wrote with monica johnson ) and although it's a good movie it's not up to the level of his best works ( " defending your life " and " mother " ) . 
the problem lies in the script , and for a movie that relies on its dialogue for its humor , there aren't nearly as many laughs as they are chuckles despite a few good one-liners . 
it has a great premise but doesn't deliver up to it's full potential . 
and although " the muse " doesn't have as much to say about hollywood as robert altman's " the player " i still left the theater feeling good . 
the plot is much more detailed than the aforementioned and this is what makes david lynch's story telling so amazing . 
lynch has been known to do this with a number of his films meaning he may be too esoteric for some hoping to get a hollywood ending where the good guy gets the girl and everything turns out fine . 
laura dern was consistently annoying . 
you've got to love disney . 
dale carnegie should have had it so good . 
what's most amazing is that all this success is in spite of a severe lack of originality . 
both lea salonga , who provides the singing voice for mulan , and donny osmond who sings for shang , the captain of mulan's army unit and obligatory love interest , are more than competent , although salonga's voice translates much better to animation . 
it is , however , an expectation which has been built by disney's own formulaic history , and some viewers may feel as if something is missing . 
it just left me thinking , " that was really cool . " 
june foray , who supplies grandmother fa's speaking voice , is a venerable voice actress who may be best known for her work as rocky the squirrel and natasha fatale ( as in boris and natasha ) . 
but if wong wishes to become a legendary filmmaker , he needs to work on incorporating an actual story into those awesome images . 
i love movies , and i love movies that make fun of movies that i love . 
mohr ( suicide kings , paulie ) , who is quickly becoming one of my favorite actors , is so good here . 
but that's a good sign : mafia ! 
nice guy ed norton jr . ( who sang in everyone says i love you ) plays derek , a twenty-year old skinhead . 
in the key scene of the film , derek commands the kid into a position where he can be killed with one glorious , enraptured , awful stomp . 
nevertheless its subjects are part of humanity's great face . 
kaye gives us a good look at this fascinating , if distasteful , american subculture . 
he wakes up next to his beautiful wife , played by stone , and the film begins . . . 
eventually , quaid kills cohagen , turns on the reactor , saves the planet , and goes away with a beautiful girl , just like the guy at rekall promised him . 
throughout this plot , there is huge explosions , thousands of deaths ( and i mean a lot of death ) swearing , sex , and everything else that make's a good verhoeven ( director of basic instinct and starship troopers ) movie . 
arnie , of course , is useless , but he goes has some good lines , and in the first twenty minutes , he even act's like a normal bloke , not like some action hero . 
ticoton ( most recently seen in con air ) , again , is ok , doing some good action , but getting her emotions all wrong . 
so , the good guys are awful . 
cox is basically reprising robocop , but he's still great in this , and he delivers the best line in the whole film near the end . 
the supporting cast are fine , and not even the comedy sidekick ( this time in the form of a taxi driver ) is annoying . 
one disappointing aspect , though , are the special effects . 
ilm and dreamquest do some good work ( such as a subway station scene ) but the model work is not so good . 
some of the model heads look appaling fake , and quatto is a major disappointment . 
there are a lot of plugs ( and a good mars today gag ) however , the sets look great , and the special effects at the end of the film aren't too bad either . 
there's also a good soundtrack running through , by jerry goldsmith ( the omen , poltergeist , star trek : the motion picture ) 
overall , then , total recall is a hugely violent , yet hugely enjoyable , action fest , with a reasonable plot thrown in there too , some great bad guys , and some imaganitive death . 
in fact , it's very good . 
write an interesting script around tried-and-true ideas , add some good lines and satire , and voil ? , you end up with an excellent , well-done , very entertaining flick . 
what follows are some of the best slap-stick dancing routines ever . 
of course , the script wouldn't be complicated enough without adding molly shannon , the girl next door who has had a crush on will since they were kids , and who will has had an aversion to in quest of good-looking disco blondes ( proof that men will turn down perfectly good women when there are bay watch babes always lurking nearby ) . 
the scene has a good punch line when molly shannon marries , instead , the step-in buddy/weight-lifter ( who looks like he could pass for the son of gary busy ) and who has been lusting for a good-looker for a long time , but ready now to take anyone . 
imagine his surprise to discover christmastown , a far more impressive and uplifting holiday than halloween , surrounded by happy elves making toys , and with good cheer all around . 
tim burton -- the man behind such great films as ed wood , beetlejuice , pee-wee's big adventure , and edward scissorhands -- is the creative force behind nightmare . 
you will never feel as if you just walked in on the third act of some great opera . 
exciting , scary , great special effects ( unlike other summer movies the effects do not take over the movie and are only there when it is really necessary ) and good performances . 
when i compare it with last summer's movies the best way to describe it would be : take the excitement and great score from face/off and the deadly use of sound from event horizon . 
she has a couple of good scenes with duchovny , but she gets kidnapped during the last half hour of the movie so she does not get to do much . 
cool effects ? 
strangely enough , i think that fans of the series will hate this movie while non-fans will have a good time . 
rating : four and a half out of five stars for the best movie yet this summer , several jump right out of your seat thrills , many " whoah , i never saw that one coming ! " 
the special effects are the second star to this feature . 
they are so amazing that i found it hard sometimes to believe they were indeed fx and la was was not burning to the ground . 
but thanks to kleiser's surprisingly good direction and an intelligent script , getting it right is a pleasantly quiet , moving , and memorable film--one geared strictly toward a sophisticated , adult audience . 
after minnie and gavin meet at a party , she takes great pleasure in disrupting his safe and simple life . 
peter cook , the great british satirist , appears briefly in the film as gavin's uptight employer . 
second , the film includes an altogether extraneous subplot about the domestic problems between gavin's best friend , harry , and his unfaithful lover , winthrop . 
at the time , i didn't really think it was anything special . . . but 
more specifically , jackie chan plays the part of wong fei-hong , aka " naughty panther , " a fun-loving , practical-joking kung fu student who is too good at kung fu for his own good , but not _quite_ good enough . 
this turns out to be su hua-chi , a legendary master of drunken-style kung fu . 
and funny is the other thing jackie chan is very , very good at . 
on the negative side , the cinematography in this film is nothing special , the film stock is rather primitive , the plot is often rather slow , and the subtitles are sometimes extremely hard to read against the background . 
as i walked out of crouching tiger , hidden dragon i thought to myself that i had had just seen a great film . 
with the passage of a few hours i tempered my enthusiasm and started pondering the question of whether a masterpiece must implicitly be a " great " piece of work and viceversa . 
the classic struggle between good and evil is the inevitable backdrop , with advanced masters of each and a golden pupil , which must choose between the two . 
she is radiantly beautiful and totally persuasive in a multifaceted role . 
brando mumbles his lines in a incoherent stir , and my feeling was that this could never be a great man , this could never be a man who inspires hundreds to follow him , so why do they do it ? 
the psychotic ride is unforgettable at times , and indeed the film on the whole is very good . 
there is too much good material in here not to be called a masterpiece , but it could have been so much more rewarding . 
beatty , who directed the film and co-wrote the script with jeremy pikser ( " the lemon sisters " ) , stars as incumbent u . s . senator jay billington bulworth , who has one of the best politician names in cinema history . 
beatty would have been better off simply adopting some of the inner-city lingo and working that into his speeches , instead of trying to sound like l . l . cool j . 
plot : odin is a great high school basketball player . 
hartnett especially should be applauded for taking on such a despicable character , a dude who you just want to grab by the throat and beat the shit out of ( sign of a good actor , if you ask me ) . 
phifer also comes to play in this movie , with a nice blend of charisma , fear , love and anger spread over his character . 
julia stiles was also good , but her character wasn't much different from others that she's played recently . 
a great example of a workaholic man who cannot see the trees from the forest . 
it was cute at first , but became a little too obvious and annoying after a few times . 
it's about jealousy , love , envy , fury , passion , revenge and pretty much any other negative thought that's ever passed through your head . 
 ( pun intended ) it's a moving picture with great performances , no shakespearian speak ( thank you , god ! ) and an outstanding directorial job by nelson . 
10 things i hate about you ( 7/10 ) - election ( 7/10 ) - hamlet ( 6/10 ) - love's labor's lost ( 8/10 ) - natural born killers ( 9/10 ) - save the last dance ( 7/10 ) - shakespeare in love ( 5/10 ) 
many are skeptical about sequels , saying that the sequel is never better or as good as the original , but austin powers : tswsm goes beyond the first film . 
also making a great addition to the series is mini me , who is played by verne troyer . 
the first austin powers film had barely any sentimental quality , such as lack of character development , barely any detailed plot characteristics , and barely any good acting , but austin powers tswsm actually shows some quality behind the frequent humor . 
 ( fat bastard ) all three characters are different , and mike myers does do a good job handling each one of them . 
heather graham made a great addition with her talent to tswsm , and does a much better job than elizabeth hurley did , who gave a very flat performance in the original , speaking her lines without any feeling or emotion . 
the thirteenth floor doesn't reach the level of originality , creativity , and curiosity sparked by the matrix and existenz , but it certainly gives a great shot at it . 
the thirteenth floor took a huge , risky turn that i didn't expect it to take , and i'm not very sure it was such a great turn to make . 
the thirteenth floor is a plot driven movie from the time the film gets going , and doesn't use spectacular special effects and big sound to keep the viewer's interests . 
unfortunately , many potential would have been great scenes were thrown away with predictable content , letting the viewer know the outcome of the scene long before it happened . 
in the thirteenth floor , he is back and is still giving believable and amazing performances . 
one of the best things about the movies is that they can make you really start to wonder and analyze things in your own , everyday life that you might not have thought much of otherwise . 
in the process this creates for a good deal of deep , thought-provoking philosophies that could be applied to the real world . 
for example , john realizes emma is not and probably never was his wife so he does not feel an emotional bond to her , yet in some scenes crucial to the film's plot , we are expected to believe they do have a genuine love for each other , which is also part of the film's climax and ending . 
this perhaps may be washington's very best to date . 
when his rubin " hurricane " carter feels pain and is tormented by racism , he creates for the audience a great sense of sympathy , disgust , and maybe even some embarrassment from the fact that this is our very own country that is breaking laws to support silly prejudices . 
he is that amazing . 
it felt like his character was taken straight out of a " scooby doo " episode ; he would have gotten away with it if it wasn't for those annoying little kids . 
there is a great amount of talent in this supporting cast but it just never appears . 
 ( the worst i can say is that randy newman seems to have reserved his sappiest lyric in years for sarah mclachlan , who stops the movie cold by singing it at just about the halfway mark . ) 
where else in mainstream movies do you get such an awesome moment as the one where buzz arrives at al's toy barn to find it stocked to the gills with his doppelgangers , buzz lightyear action figures ? 
i'm not sure lasseter and his pals at pixar will ever operate at quite that level of purely visual invention -- they love traditional narrative too much -- but , boy , it makes me wonder what they might come up with next . 
the film uses good judgment in the way it introduces us to bond ( brosnon ) . 
the film's hook is the action , and of course those cool gadgets and we get plenty of that here as bond goes out to investigate carver and finds himself in a jam or two along the way . 
the two are constantly on the run from carver and his goons , yet the film manages to balance the stunts and special effects with its clever story . 
while some of the lines fall flat , the formulaic motions work because of the unexpectedly electric chemistry between ford and heche . 
formulaic and light as a feather , _six_days , _seven_nights_ could be cited as a classic example of the summer " popcorn " movie season's lack of substance . 
there are some works of art that are almost impossible to review , not because of their own complexity , but because of their legendary status which prevents the reviewer to say anything original . 
one of such masterpieces is casablanca , probably not the best film in the history of the seventh art , but definitely the most popular one . 
it was based on a broadway play so mediocre that it hadn't been produced on stage ; screenplay by three writers - julius g . epstein , philip j . epstein and howard koch - was beeing written as shooting went along ; the main actors were producers' second choice , and , finally , man behind camera , michael curtiz was considered to be capable , but not great director . 
however , the movie was commercially successful and earned three " oscars " , including the one for the best film . 
until this very day , it is considered to be the best example of hollywood film- making in its own golden age . 
his best friend is rick blaine ( bogart ) , who used to be idealistic anti-fascist , and now owns popular night club in casablanca and lives by his own cynical philosophy of " sticking his neck for nobody " . 
he is accompanied by his beautiful wife ilsa lund ( bergman ) , with whom rick had a stormy affair in the eve of nazi occupation of paris . 
rick is now forced to choose between love , wounded pride , self-preserving interest and his own hatred of fascism . 
the casting for this movie seems influenced by divine inspiration - humphrey bogart , most legendary actor in the history of cinema , is one of the rare character actors who elevated his persona to the star status . 
another icon in his company is ingrid bergman , great actress of old hollywood , here in her artistic and visual prime . 
for many people , casablanca is probably the best romantic film ever made . 
another shining example of good casting is now almost forgotten paul henreid as the weakest part of love triangle ; character of victor laszlo has believable charisma and looks like a somebody who could inspire millions of people to rise against nazi tiranny . 
despite being the undoubtful villain in almost entire movie , rains managed to make renault sympathetic character , and his final conversion to the side of good , symbolized in not so subtle gesture at the end of movie looked unnecessary . 
together with well-drawn characters and exciting story , the movie was good in creating his own atmosphere . 
 " stuart little " is one of the best family films to come out this year . 
finally a movie gets released that is as good as the trailer makes it to be , with a few surprising twists , some very funny moments , and a few sentimental moments all mixed in to one great little movie . 
hesitating the littles know what's best for stuart and so does snowball the pet cat , he and his friends try to get stuart but in the end we find out the truth about stuart's past ending up to a sentimental and very heart-warming ending . 
one thing i noticed about the film instantly was the fantastic special effects . 
from the detail of their fur , to the detail of the way the walk ; the special effects team put a lot of time and effort on this $90 million dollar film and it shows . 
when he was timon in 1994's " the lion king " i would have sworn he was a comedian , and now in " stuart little " he brings the most out of snowball and makes him one of those characters we love to dislike . 
she fits nicely in her character and there is a good chemistry between her and hugh laurie who plays mr . little . 
both make us believe they are happily in love and married and jonathan lipnicki as their song is even more adorable than he was in 1996's " jerry maguire " . 
for all you parents out there trying to find a good family movie , i have yet to see bicentennial man as i write this but as far as i know " stuart little " and " toy story 2 " are by far the best family films this year . 
but , in a nutshell , it's a good film . 
common complaints range from lack of characterization , weak narrative , poor direction of actors , the dated style , and too much focus over special effects . 
hence , this film is a lot of fun and definitely an improvement over the previous films ( even with the " improvements " in the special editions ) . 
utilizing technology that is light years beyond anything made before , special effects and computers are used to create everything from monsters to robots to amazing cityscapes with incredible detail . 
best described as an mr . bean from the planet naboo , he steals the show . 
that , and young anakin skywalker is a really annoying character , coming off as a smarmy , arrogant brat ( with such an attitude , it's no wonder why he turns to the dark side ) . 
if you're the type of person who goes on the submarine ride every time you visit disneyland , you're going to love the hunt for red october . 
you'll also love the film if you enjoy cat and mouse military tactics , or if you're a sean connery or alec baldwin fan , or if you admired director john mctiernan's earlier films , die hard and predator . 
the hunt for red october is an epic thriller , adapted from tom clancy's best selling novel . 
it's ironic to see neil and connery playing russians , since they are both best known for their roles as british agents , connery as james bond and neil as reilly , " ace of spies . " 
the special effects are remarkable , but more than anything , the hunt for red october is distinguished by its water-tight plot . 
the movie doesn't get as sweaty or breathless as die hard , because it would rather tell a good story than hit you over the head with non-stop action . 
scripted by quentin tarantino and directed by robert rodriguez ( desperado ) , the movie panders to the very worst in sex and violence -- and is incredibly fun to watch . 
from dusk till dawn isn't the classic of modern cinema that pf is , but is does prove you can do a good job making a really bad movie . 
and each scene with hrundi and the drunken waiter , who is alone hilarious , adds to the comedy in a great way . 
after a spate of flighty , cookie-cutter teen films , the romantic drama addresses alcoholism and parental loss along with its love story . 
but rather than applaud the production , early reviews have dismissed it as an overblown " afterschool special . " 
 " crazy/beautiful " is quality fare , good enough that i half-expected the summer movie crap police to walk into the press screening and confiscate the print for " failure to incorporate explosions and poop jokes . " 
 " afterschool special " my ass ? " crazy/beautiful " is the real deal . 
what dreams may come is the second best film of the year when it comes to visuals . 
a couple of comments here and there , but the story maintains its focus on chris and his search for the love of his life . 
heaven , in movies , is almost always depicted as a glowing city of white , purity , and love . 
equally good as the depictions of hell which cast away the normal stereotypes of fire and brimstone . 
cinematographer eduardo serra , whose work was last seen in the luscious wings of the dove , has a difficult job , as most cinematographers do working with special effects . 
what dreams may come is a good example of german expressionism which may just turn off a good portion of the audience . 
it's not hard to see why herzog would be attracted to this film , considering he thinks that audiences are starving for great images . 
some will find the visuals absolutely glorious . 
sure , the risky use of vhs instead of super 8mm or 16mm was a pain , and the natural light was one of the most annoying things about public access films , but the movie itself was fairly enjoyable . 
the best way to see this film would be as a parody of the countless conspiracy films that we have been drowned in since the paranoia of the 80s . 
although the actors and actresses are in small roles and give a whole new meaning to `no-name' , it ends up being the no-name people who do a good job , delivering better performances as comic villains than half the crap that hollywood turns out . 
the movie protagonist , shannon ( christopher walken ) is a mercenary who spent the best years of his life fighting numerous little wars all over the globe . 
this one deals with soldiers of fortune , ancient tradition that was resurrected in great turmoil of 1960s and 1970s and filled the void left by vanishing colonial empires . 
with the good script he can make very good movie , with the bad script he can make real mess . 
luckily , the dogs of war had a good script . 
it's formulaic and there are cliches , but the walls of water , created by fluid dynamics simulating real-life phenomena , are awesome . 
technically this is a beautiful film and a lot of thought has gone in to the production . 
indeed his return to the 'normal' world is accelerated by his chance meetings with two very special women . 
this movie got praise as one of the best films of 1998 , and unfortunately , was not as good as i hoped , but was still very intriguing and thought provoking . 
first of all , the casting for this film is great . 
william h . macy , an actor i have grown to love over the past year , turns in another great performance as the tv dad who is torn over his wife , a " colored " person and his friends , the " non-colored " ones . 
joan allen is equally great as betty parker , the ideal tv mom . 
pleasantville can move at a good pace at times , but it is not consistent enough . 
steven soderburgh , master of sex , lies and videotape , now adds crime to his repertoire in this tale of bank robbery , prison , double-crossing , uncut diamonds and , oh yeah , true love . 
of course , he gets caught , so it's not all good . 
he's covered in dirt and has a gun to her neck , and it's a little cramped in there , but they manage to make a love connection anyway , probably because it's a movie . 
the set and costume design is first class and the overall production of this film is good . 
the rest of the cast is also quite good . 
this is a great score . 
the ending to alien 3 is quite good . 
first , there's the beautiful and imperious maxine ( catherine keener ) , who delights in tormenting craig over his obvious lust for her . 
malkovich ( best known to mainstream audiences for his work in " dangerous liaisons , " " in the line of fire , " and as head psychopath in the guilty-pleasure " con air " ) tweaks his own image in a dandy self-deprecating turn . 
wild things is a suspenseful thriller starring matt dillon , denise richards , and neve campbell that deals with all the issues ; sex , love , murder , and betrayal . 
he isn't the obvious best of actors , but dillon does give a convincing performance . 
although wild things was displayed by the press as being an erotic thriller , the eroticism , which is portrayed with good taste , is kept to a minimum and focuses more on the plot and the relationships between the characters . 
this is truly a very good film worth seeing if your looking for a movie with a thick plot filled with it's share of twists . 
tom hanks' directorial debut was a good one and should lead to more work for him . 
but now i fully understand why this has become the film that other epic films are judged against -- the winner of seven academy awards in 1963 for best picture , director , editing , cinematography , art direction , music , and sound . 
lawrence quickly sees just how caring and great these desert dwelling people can be and ends up rallying the various tribes together to fight the turks and help the british turn the tide of world war i . 
every shot is choreographed as a portrait -- a living tribute to a great land . 
and we are not going to use any big stars , and won't have any female actors since there's no love story . " 
but at least we still have the proof to show all would-be producers and directors out there just how good a film can be . 
critique : a clever , quirky , original french flick set in a picturesque paris , featuring an endearing lead with a giant imagination , much loneliness and a little bit of love for everyone . 
it doesn't pretend to be deep , it doesn't weigh itself down with long expositions or intricate studies of its characters , it's basically just a " cute movie " in the same vein as chocolat and pay it forward , with some amazing visuals and incredibly nice intentions ( and if chocolat was somehow able to nab an oscar nomination for best picture last year ( a sham on so many different levels ) , you might as well slap this film up for consideration also , since it's quite a bit better and much more original than the former ) . 
one thing that this film isn't though , at least according to me , is the best film of the year ( it was bestowed the honor of " best " in at least 3 different film festivals so far this year ) . 
on the whole , it's a lot of fun and it carries a beautiful message of love and support for your fellow man . 
good stuff ! 
but not without providing a good deal of genuine laughs . 
occasionally a good funny movie sneaks past the deadening hollywood preconceptions of humor and we get a real gem : ruthless people , for instance , which established a microcosm of a setup and played it out to the bitter end . 
the movie sets up this early material with good timing and a remarkable balance of jim carrey's over-the-top persona with reality . 
he uses it to great effect in this movie . 
heist is probably the best mamet thriller since house of games . 
the robbery team sounds at once very professional and at the same time it has mamet's special feel for dialog . 
both are good films , perhaps for some of the same reasons . 
it is an irritation and distracts us from what is otherwise a very good thriller . 
james toback's return to directing after a eight-year layoff , two girls and a guy , is a film which is comprised , more or less , of just that : one guy , blake ( robert downey jr . ) ; two girls , carla ( heather graham ) and lou ( natasha gregson wagner ) ; one primary setting ( blake's absurdly spacious bachelor apartment ) , and a great deal of dialogue . 
it's fascinating to watch this character in his natural habitat , and perhaps the film's best choice was to have his two girlfriends scamper off into hiding upon his return , allowing us to size up blake not with his interactions with others , but by his own innate behaviour . 
 ( one of the great touches in the film is how blake , when startled by carla's unannounced appearance , begins to both verbally and physically backpedal even before he realizes that the cat's out of the bag . ) 
meanwhile , ms . gregson wagner initially portrays lou with such an unwarranted spunk that audiences are likely to find it either annoying , or , like me , endearing . 
two girls and a guy has an agile , spontaneous sort of feel , and one senses that mr . toback encouraged a good deal of improvisation from his three actors . 
reservoir dogs is good but it's no pulp fiction . 
there chad suggests a scheme worthy of a shakespearean villain : he and howard will find a vulnerable single woman at the branch office , woo her simultaneously , win her love , and then dump her . 
if one of his co-workers should happen to go postal and walk into the office with a bag full of handguns , he had best have his escape route clearly in mind . 
men wears the guise of a black comedy , but it functions best as allegory . 
like all good films , it offers a myriad of parallels to the outside world . 
which is good if you like fighting scenes . 
[theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good sound , picture , and seats] 
all stories are about select moments of time and places in the characters' lives , but only the truly great ones are able to define their realities well enough so the audience can experience it just as the characters do . 
we're given some backstory here and learn a little about our characters , especially our main character , scarlett o'hara ( leigh ) , a beautiful southern belle with a will of steel , a cunning wit , and a tremendous sense of liberty in such an oppressive time . 
the man she claims to love is ashley wilkes ( howard ) , a modest gentleman who does not seem to have the same passion for her as she does for him . 
she and scarlett become very dear friends , but she never suspects the jealously scarlett has for her , and the love she has for her husband . 
acting a catalyst to the love triangle , and to the story as a whole is the daper , stong-willed , cunning , cocky southern business and military man captain rhett butler ( gable ) . 
perhaps they mistake love for passion , and the film leaves it up to us to make this call . 
love and the perception of love are two completely separate things and throughout the final act of the film , we're left wondering if rhett and scarlett ever truly loved each other and why . 
gable and leigh do have great chemistry , always leaving the viewer wondering which emotions were authentic and which were manufacture . 
the teaser trailers for my best friend's wedding scarsely gave reason for hope - it looked like the sort of goofy , light-hearted comedy than might put julia roberts back in the limelight , but little more ; i'd frankly rarely seen a trailer place such an emphasis on people falling over for laughs so often . 
it was then to both my surprise and my delight to find that my best friend's wedding was such a success - a strong , bouyant romantic-comedy with some decidedly unconventionally quirky comic aspects , featuring a triumphant performance from ms . roberts . 
the heroine of my best friend's wedding is julianne potter ( julia roberts ) , a successful new york restaurant critic , and we open the film with a whimsical revelation to her editor george downes ( rupert everett ) that years ago , she had made a pact with her dear best friend and ex-lover michael o'neal ( dermot mulroney ) , a sports writer , that if they both hadn't married by the time they reached 28 , they had promised to marry each other . 
the setup for my best friend's wedding , then , is a fairly conventional one , and in many ways the film's storyline is formulaic - but only to a certain extent : the film was directed by p . j . hogan , whose first feature , muriel's wedding , had quite an offbeat tone for a traditional uplifting ugly-duckling story , and the same holds true for my best friend's wedding , which confidently combines traditional romantic-comedy elements with a really eccentric sense of humour . 
my best friend's wedding opens with an inspired opening credit sequence which sets the tone for the film , and there are scenes where actors spontaneously burst into song to good comic effect - it could almost be argued that this film is nearly as much of a musical as woody allen's everyone says i love you ; i'd even assert it's a more successful one . 
my best friend's wedding keeps breaking conventionality with its characters as well . 
the george character is almost a staple of recent film - the homosexual male friend of the heroine who acts as a confidant and provides the guiding voice of reason - but in my best friend's wedding , he gets to have a playful , mischievous and charming personality . 
there is a lot of smart writing in the well-paced screenplay by ronald bass ; we're given four interesting , vivid , and likeable characters , with some good dialogue and some genuinely charming and touching moments . 
my best friend's wedding marks a strong career rebound for julia roberts , who turns in a top-notch , confident and reassured performance as julianne . 
this isn't the sort of role one usually associates with ms . roberts - the julianne character's neurotic , fumbling characteristics are more in line with a meg ryan role - but ms . roberts works wonderfully in the film and demonstrates her aptitude at comedy here , remaining compelling and empathetic to the audience , if not entirely sympathetic , even when her deeds done to destroy the wedding plans of her best friend are less than honourable . 
even better than ms . roberts though is cameron diaz , who turns in a shining performance in my best friend's weddding . 
when julia roberts' lustre began to fade , and she was usurped from her title as " america's sweetheart " by sandra bullock , i thought it was a canny career move on her part to take supporting roles in prestige projects like michael collins and everyone says i love you to raise her profile . 
my best friend's wedding marks a return to form for ms . roberts , and cements p . j . hogan's reputation as a skilled director of comedy . 
alex's best friend , tod ( chad e . donella ) , wants to stand by him but can't because of his fearful parents . 
devon sawa , a rising star who put his physical comedy skills to good use in 1999's underseen slasher-comedy , " idle hands , " is even more of a charismatic presence here . 
ultimately , what is so good about " final destination " is that , within the confines of the slasher genre , writer-director wong and screenwriters glen morgan and jeffrey reddick have created a premise that has never been seen before in this manner , and a film that has the ability to both surprise and frighten--two things that are rarely found in today's horror films . 
newland archer ( day-lewis ) is a prestigious lawyer who is engaged to may welland ( ryder ) , a somewhat empty and shallow new yorker , who belongs to a prestigious family and is quite beautiful . 
archer is immediately captivated , and finds himself in love with ellen . 
archer finds himself having a secret love affair in his mind with countess olenska , attempting to keep her in his mind while trying not to lose his social status . 
the famous cameras of the legendary director are also everywhere . 
a beautiful film by a director continuing to challenge himself year after year . 
now seeing the trailer it makes you think the whole entire movie is one big special effects show . 
but i will admit the special effects and the acting were above par , deserving the rating above . 
but i sat in the theatre for over and hour wondering where all the special effects were . 
the trailer for this movie was really decieving making people think that this was a special effects laden movie . 
some of the special effects and fighting were breathtaking . 
at best , that's all it was -- a sleeper hit , designed to surprise but not shake the industry . 
the key to success , however , was that the visuals were used not just because they looked cool but also as a method of advancing the plot . 
but for those who make the bid , the prince of egypt can be a great watch . 
the real ethan hunt is called in from his vacation to persuade beautiful thief nyah nordoff-hall ( thandie newton ) to assist the imf team in retrieving the stolen goods . 
ethan and nyah fall quickly in love , but ethan soon finds himself in a real dilemma when he learns that his new love has only been hired because she was a former lover of ambrose's . 
john woo handles all of this with an artistic flair that seems out of place , featuring a great deal of slow fades and dramatically framed close-ups . 
the final half hour is an all out assault of action ( a good deal of which is ruined by the trailer , unfortunately ) . 
my best guess . . . . it will sink , though with many awards attatched to its hull . 
it boasts the most amazing effects that i have ever seen done to date . 
to see a ship fall apart , with actual people running across the ship , flying across the deck , and falling to the water , is just amazing to look at . 
there is a love story attatched that nearly ruins the entire premise . 
we see actual footage of the sunken ship , as cammeron had set up special cameras to film the wreckage on the ocean floor . 
rose is to be wed to a man she does not love . 
the two meet under interesting circumstances , and the love story begins . 
we saw titanic in dolby digital surround , and by far , it is the best sounding movie i have ever seen . 
my friend commented it was the best sound mix he has ever heard . 
and , while most of the first 2 . 5 hours runs very fast and well-paced , the final 45 minutes almost comes to a sudden stop , and you realize that this sappy love story has to finish itself out before the movie finally ends . 
cameron has certainly made his best film to date . 
unfortunately , titanic is not a best picture candidate . 
 " american history x " is a collection of really great scenes and moments , rather than a cohesive , great film that flows effortlessly from one moment to the next . 
in it , there are some of the best scenes i've seen all year . 
there's much more to appreciate , like the acting , which is uniformly good , with stand-outs coming from avery brooks , beverly d'angelo ( as the long-suffering mother ) , and gould ( who has one horrible line , but other than that , comes off with the best performance he's given in what seems like a really long time ) . 
in only the fifth movie of his career , norton has invented himself as one of the most reliable and intense actors of his generation , and maybe the best . 
that he allows the little emotions to seep through is amazing . 
sadly enough , this isn't going to be the great portrait of racism that it perhaps hopes to be . 
 " american history x " is a very good movie , and i was very moved by it , but it could be a lot better , and the problem seems to be that the cut as it is is not up to what he claims to be his potential . 
although he aimed for the directing credit to go to " alan smithee , " the resident name for any film that is to be disowned by its director , it wasn't allowed to him , under the grounds that once you disown a film , you can not badmouth it ( but really , that's the macguffin - no one really wanted a film this good to be given the alan smithee sign of disapproval ) . 
grady is caught up in the curse of people who accomplish great things early in their career . 
frances mcdormand does a good job of her limited role of sara , grady's married lover but we never understand much of who she is . 
my reasons for this are simple : 1 ) adam sandler is great . 
2 ) drew barrymore is great . 
in the opening scenes , he seems like a happy-go-lucky wedding singer , at least partially enjoying his profession and doing a rather good job of talking down a really drunk individual ( steve buscemi ) who decides that his brother's wedding is a good place to tell the whole world that his life , up to that point , was utter pointlessness . 
julia and robby become good friends when she enlists him to help with the wedding plans . 
soon ( and predictably ) it becomes pretty clear that glenn is a jerk , and that robby and julia really love each other . 
not only is she pleasant to look at , but her acting job here really is a good one--and it doesn't hurt that the character is likable and adequately well-written . 
perhaps the best moment is when he sings a song for julia that he claims is a little uneven because he began writing it while in a good mood and finished it after his fianc ? e abandoned him . 
the jolly green giant meets a fellow outsider , known only as the donkey ( his species ) who talks , and although he remains reluctant to warm up to him for a good portion of time , shrek eventually comes to a mutual understanding with him by acknowledging their common state as outcasts of the world . 
upon fiona's learning of shrek's desire to pursue a relationship with her , fiona , knowing that acceptance of herself serves as the only platform for her love with shrek to work , gives in to her inner demons of self-ridicule and hatred . 
the premise is strictly sitcom and the photography is grainy as all get-out , but you could spend ten times the film's budget ( a reported $27 , 000 ) and still not get dialogue half as good as this . 
trek fans may be more forgiving , but , for the rest of us , the sluggish star trek generations is a mixed bag at best . 
 ( the best example of the latter is a klingon comeuppance that delivers none of the impact of a similar scene in star trek ii . ) 
although cautioned by many that he will ? shoot his eye out' , ralphie remains optimistic , conjuring up a detailed scheme to get on the good side of his parents and teachers . 
 " rat race " is a great goofy delight , a dandy mix of energetic performances , inspired sight gags and flat-out silliness . 
to that end , he places a half dozen very special tokens in his slot machines . 
i watched the matrix in a theater that is in serious need of upgrades at the best of times . 
under no circumstances , should it have ever been allowed to show a big budget special effects laden film like the matrix . 
sadly , the rest of the film , while pretty good , doesn't quite measure up to the obvious effort that was expended on making this film look so darn good . 
the matrix has at it's core a good concept , although it strays into the confusing side more often than i would have liked . 
this can be attributed as much to the amazing special effects as to many of the actor's extensive pre-production training in martial arts . 
this lends itself to some of the best martial arts sequences that you are ever likely to see in a film . 
acting in the matrix is not bad , but it certainly isn't real good either . 
carrie-anne moss turned out a surprisingly good performance for this her first feature film role . 
and their best leads on cosmic things-gone-awry are the supermarket tabloids . 
little do we know that there are much stronger battles of good v . evil going on in the depths of space . 
smith is likeable and makes a great comic partner to jones' straight man routine . 
and , an appropriate dose of special effects helps to bolster the oddness of their task without diverting attention from the human actors . 
complicating matters even worse is graham ( james spader , who won best actor at cannes ) , john's old college buddy , who comes to stay at their house . 
that is the set-up for the last hour of the picture , and since the film is entitled , " sex , lies , and videotape , " it is best to keep the rest of the story developments at bay so that they will come as a genuine surprise . 
he is the type of director who obviously takes a lot of chances , and believes in the work that he does , and , " sex , lies , and videotape , " is probably his most confident , and maybe even best , to date . 
now in theatrical release in the united states , it eschews the seriousness of most art house films with a romping good story . 
although he does not have half of the good looks of his assistant gudin , played by manuel blanc , he dazzles the women and the viewers with his grace and style . 
the radiantly lovely sandrine kiberlain plays marie-therese , the real love of beaumarchais's life . 
however , the actual disaster is happening almost at the end of the movie , while the first two hours are just beautiful sets and bad dialogues . 
a love story slowly emerges and the two lovers must not only experience the difference between the social classes , but also face the greatest power on earth - death . 
cameron could as well have called his picture " the never ending love " or " love at first sight " , as he concentrates all his energy on the young couple , and not on the disaster itself . 
his film therefore contains certain minimums to draw an audience - attractive actors , a " tragic love story " , beautiful visuals ( including expensive special effects ) , a dose of social criticism , a fascinating historical event ( we love true stories ) and last , but not least - an incredible media support , which proclaimed an average picture the " greatest film of all time " . 
cameron enables our basic and if you wish - primitive emotions : love , hate , fear and helplessness . 
everyone understands the power of love and the threat to our beautiful couple is likewise imaginable - a sinking ship . 
it's a good picture , but absolutely not a masterpiece . 
it's among hundreds and thousands good films released every year , not better or worse than the average american film . 
 " love is the devil " is a challenging film , munundating its audience with wild imagery and a plot structure that disallows a plot , perhaps in an attempt to get us to know the artist's psyche rather than the artist's lifeline . 
directed ( and written ) by john maybury , " love is the devil " is stylish masterpiece for the senses . 
as played by great shakesperean actor derek jacobi , he's like a foppish and self-absorbed cross between oscar wilde and nero . 
 " love is the devil " chronicles the latter part of his life . 
i thought about how bacon was a masochist , in love with cruelty ( in one scene , he watches a boxing match with a orgiastic delight , and lets out a squeal of pleasure when blood from the one boxer's head splashes across his face ; in another scene , he masturbates to the odessa steps sequence of eisenstein's " battleship potemkin " ) , and perhaps he drove george too far in his delight for pain . 
he drove him over the edge , and for him that was love , even if it wasn't for george . 
that's great and all , but i almost wish the film was devoid of any meaning . 
i wish it hadn't reduced itself to making some point about humanity , about how love is the most selfish thing in the world ( and it is , if you look at it a certain way ) . 
it's almost always best to obtain insights from looking at one man's uniqueness than it is forcing universality down an audience's throat . 
i can't say i totally enjoyed " love is the devil , " though . 
it's beautiful and painstakingly crafted so that , along with " what dreams may come " and " dark city , " it's the year's most visually stunning film . 
in luc besson's the fifth element , willis plays korben dallas , a new york cabby who takes in the wrong passenger at the worst possible time . 
this hand turns out to belong to a beautiful , but mysterious woman named leeloo ( milla jovovich , dazed and confused ) . 
it's love at first site , as korben and leeloo elude the lazy-as-always cops . 
when leeloo begins mumbling about a cornelius ( ian holm , night falls on manhattan ) , korben searches the " yellow pages " and delivers her to the door of the good reverend , the only man who knows of her background and duties . 
now , korben , leeloo , and cornelius must journey to a foreign planet to board a cruise ship ( special effects were spectacular here ) to find the remaining four elements . 
the question is a good one , and one that could be pondered . 
when korben points out his love for her , leeloo is inclined to become the " 5th element " and save the world from total destruction . 
the fifth element features good performances by willis and holm , an excellent portrayal of a comedic villain ( who reminded me a lot of jack nicholson's the joker in batman ) by one of the masters of villainy , oldman , and a heartfelt offering by relative newcomer jovovich . 
it is not flawless -- but it is so very good , that you can't help but be effected . 
perhaps one of the best things about this film , is its naturalness . 
the movie is not overpowering , but it gives us a beautiful window into the life , love , and trouble of a household of lonely women . 
and whereas " babe : pig in the city " misses equaling the greatness of its best picture nominated predecessor babe , it is a worthy companion piece . 
 " babe : pig in the city " retains some of the best core elements and characters from the first film . 
along with babe himself , ferdinand the duck comes along for the ride , as does mrs . hoggett ( one of this decade's best and most underappreciated comic characterizations , hilariously performed by magda szubanski ) . 
hoggett's love for babe , which grew ever so gently , is what gave that film its charming and endearing quality . 
best exemplified in hoggett's dance for babe , this moving relationship was truly unique . 
please understand , these are not negative criticisms , per se' , but simply statements of what i see as the differences between " babe : pig in the city " being a very good film and the original being a great one . 
but having said that , these observations are minor critiques at best . 
sure , it isn't a great film , but it is an excellent one that possesses elements of greatness . 
 " babe : pig in the city " may not be moviemaking at its absolute best , but it is on level of cinematic quality that is rarely achieved or seen in cinema . 
as a result , if you choose to let this film pass you by , you will be missing of the year's best cinematic treats . 
it's actually three movies in one : a political film , a boxing film , and a love story . 
danny not only begins teaching kids how to box , but has stayed in great shape whilst in prison , and is ready to start boxing real people again . 
the political story is nothing really special but works in itself . 
the boxing story is very minor to the story , but does represent people coming together to fight eachother fairly , and even with good sportsmanship . 
and i didn't know daniel day-lewis was in such good shape . 
but the backbone of the story is the love one . 
because these characters are given such horrible circumstances , and since the two leads have such great chemistry together , we really feel for their plight . 
this is how you write a love story - take note , hollywood . 
i'm not saying they're all equally great , because the love story really carries the film , but at least they all work out respectively . 
the acting is amazing , with day-lewis and watson giving excellent performances and showing great chemistry . 
i'm not sure if they're oscar-nominee bound , but they're very good . 
but the film is stolen acting wise by ken stott as ike , who is just a great scene stealer . 
though " the boxer " is a good film , it never achieves the greatness that it should . 
but it still works out , gives us a great love story combined with a political and boxing drama , and features great acting . 
james cameron's aliens was an action film , and many people consider it the best in the series . 
by doing so , fincher creates some of the best scenes in the entire alien franchise . 
showing ripley fall in slow motion is a nice touch , but by actually not showing her hit the vat of iron , a great deal of symbolism is derived . 
as an alien film , alien 3 is the worst of the series , but by itself , it is an extremely well-made motion picture , with a lot more merits than not . 
sigourney weaver turns out yet another good performance , equaling her portrayal of ripley in aliens . 
the film never paints him as merely the villainous parent standing in the way of his child's dreams , but , instead , shows the multihued portrait of a man who wants the best for his family and town , but is too stubborn to realize what that is . 
doubtfire and flubber , was punctuated with the actor's first academy award in 1998 for his role in good will hunting . 
the two instantly become the best of friends , and it's easy to see why . 
monica potter plays patch's love interest , a young woman who personifies the things that patch hates about medical school . 
critique : great premise is executed with enough style and thrills to keep the piece interesting throughout its close to two-hour runtime . 
the first hour is mostly just a build-up of things to come , and does offer a great characterization of the jackal , but the second hour is the one that really cranks in the cool scenes and a sweet ending . 
little known facts : ben kingsley's real name is krishna banji , he stands 5 " 8 , was born in scarborough , england , and won the best actor honor in 1982's academy awards presentation for the title role he portrayed in ghandi . 
an unhappy italian housewife , a lonely waiter , a goofy masseuse , lots of love , and gorgeous scenery all come together in bread and tulips , which proves charming despite its covering of predictable , well-worn material . 
the gorgeous scenery of moonlit town squares and sparkling rivers provides a perfect love story backdrop -- you just might want to ask the attractive stranger in the seat behind you for coffee after the lights come up . 
the movie is fun and romantic , with beautiful scenery and characters whose lives we'd like to live if we had the nerve . . . 
along the way , true love inevitably blossoms . 
tunney , displaying an acting range not hinted at in the teenage witch thriller the craft , delivers an astonishing performance that won her the best actress prize at last year's venice film festival . 
since " awakenings " was so very good , and made my top ten list the year it was released , " at first sight " is not quite as strong since it is not directed with as sure a hand as penny marshall , but is still an intelligent and vibrantly-acted drama . 
amy doesn't really care if he has a handicap or not , and begins to spend time with him more and more until they finally start to fall in love . 
on the basis of the overall story , " at first sight " is indeed a film that has been done many times before , and owes a great deal to its predecessor , " awakenings . " 
the massaging sequences were strangely erotic , maybe even more so than the later actual " love scenes , " and as their romantic involvement quickly developed , the film was both entertaining and sweet , and there was clearly a lot of chemistry between the two . 
if this were a great film , it would feel complete , and still end basically the same way . 
we see him suffering from a personal crisis , and travolta does do a pretty good job in depicting his change of heart , but in the end , we don't fully believe it . 
in the opening of the film , we see him doing his old schtick , manipulating courts , winning cases effortlessly , and then discussing on a heard radio interview how great he is at his job and how much he cares for his cases . 
as we progress , we get so involved in the way the story is being told , which is engulfing everything around it , including the individual and brief stories of some of the townspeople ( one of the best is a bit with james gandolfini as an employee of the plant living across the street from kathleen quinland , who lost her child , who begins to have a personal crisis ) . 
this wouldn't be so if the change in jan had not been handled the way it is : instead of having a change of heart and automatically being perceived as good , he's seen as being still full of bullshit . 
because he doesn't take stock in the cares of his partners , and causes them all to lose their money and noteriaty in the lawyer field because he wants to help the people of the town , he is instead seen as being of good nature but not sure how to bring that out . 
and it's not travolta , who does a great job here ( though never to be a truly memorable performance of his ) , but rather zallian , whose final chapter needs a rewrite . 
up to then , though , it's an engrossing drama , one of the best of the year in fact , and one of the best lawyer films , period . 
we learn that the company is almost positively to blame for the deaths in the town , but the reason it can't be blamed is because it has the best prosecution you can find . 
and duvall's facher is such a brilliant character and he does such a magnificent job at portraying that man that it's almost easy to overlook how subtley great he is . 
if only it felt totally complete ( like , say , " schindler's list , " though at this point it may be unfair to make comparisons between the two ) , it might have been one of the best films of the year , and along with that , a full breath of fresh air . 
after talking the talk , they walk the walk , strutting like the cool swingers they aspire to be , always to laughable effect . 
to get mike out of his funk , his friends persistently convince him to get outside , whether it be to a quickie night trip to a seedy vegas casino or a cutthroat hollywood party with the beautiful people or a 50s swing lounge . 
when mike gets the gumption to look for love , you will join his cheerleading section as well . 
[theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good seats , sound and picture] 
considering how good it is up until that point , it's a long overdue change of pace needed in movies today . 
perhaps the greatest element to the film is its constant surprises and unpredictability , and not due to plot twists or a confusing screenplay , just through great filmmaking . 
 ? direction : trying to piece together such a complex story is no easy task and for a rookie filmmaker such as liman , it's a great accomplishment . 
yet hilary and jackie , the sophomore effort from director anand tucker , has something more to say -- it softly but strongly explores the complex relationships of sibling rivalry and love in a very compelling tale . 
their careers as musicians surpass and then bow to one another's , and although their lives take very different paths -- hilary settles down to marriage and a family while rachel skips across the globe on a world concert tour -- they are bound together by their deep family love . 
the frank cottrell boyce script , which is based on the book by hilary and piers du pr ? , brings a great deal of depth to these characters as well . 
humour can take the tension away from a scene faster than any shoddy special effect or poor acting . 
fans of blair and sixth sense will almost surely love stir of echoes . 
it combines the dread of blair , a creepy closed-in feel thanks to cinematographer fred murphy and great performances by the whole cast , specifically bacon , to give the fall its first genuine scary film . 
if only they had let up on the unneeded funny bits and tweaked the plot a bit more , this could have been one of the year's best . 
anchoring the whole film is the astonishing debut performance of owens ; love francie or hate him , you cannot take your eyes off of owens . 
in the lobby after the screening , i overheard one man raving about how great yet disturbing it was ; i also heard one particularly offended woman say with disgust , " that movie was so unfunny ! " 
but if your upbringing is marred with violence , hate and dysfunctionality , then your journey towards a happy adulthood will be saddled with psychological obstacles almost too great to overcome . 
he is divorced and his only connection to love is his daughter . 
coyle's best friend is dillon ( boyle ) , a hit man for the mob , working as a bartender . 
this is a great atmospheric film due to the realistic noir mood it sets , of the hopeless situation the low-level criminals are in , and how they are forced to live with fear and the uncertainty of what horrible thing will happen next . 
winner of the last year's academy award for best documentary . 
the others--sikh , hindu , muslim--are older ; some are married ; but all appreciate shanta , who is played by the stirringly beautiful nandita das . 
the group around shanta represents , in a sense , a united india , and shanta herself the ideal motherland--one which all love , which inspires hindu , muslim , and sikh to live peacably together . 
this was a mass market romantic comedy , after all , a genre which has been taken over by teenagers and , even in its best days , worked hard to perpetuate the romance = infatuation paradigm . 
then marc lawrence did something wonderful , something which made the entire film click into place : he showed me a comic love story about grown-ups . 
the two performances -- part of a great top-to-bottom cast -- are effective and connected from the start , yet the script's apparent sympathy with the marital horror stories ben hears makes it difficult to enjoy the romance completely . 
a throwaway subplot , which is good for some laughs , features cleese and his buddies , betting on a series of outlandish situations , including one dealing with a hooker and pepto-bismol . 
a middle aged company man realizes that achieving all the goals he set for himself in life ( a house , a child , and good marriage ) still doesn't translate into a fulfilled life . 
after finding the weekly fees for private lessons from the elegant and beautiful mai ( tamiyo kusakari ) too rich for his blood , sugiyama opts for groups lessons simply to be near her . 
it's one of those movies that only the french seem to make anymore - no big plot , no special effects , no gunplay , no tragic consequences , no forced examinations of the nature of love , and no insights into the nature of evil . 
anderson allows many of hollywood's best supporting actors to blossom at what they do best , character acting . 
he was probably noticed more than the other actors in the film by award givers because his role here is so much different and impressive than those in the past ( however any actor in this film could be nominated for best supporting actor without any complaints ) the only problem i had with the acting was that a few of the characters felt seriously edited down such as melinda dillon's character as phillip baker hall's wife . 
scream director wes craven , previously best known as the creator of new line's a nightmare on elm street film series , was thrust back into the limelight . 
however , although it tries hard and has some good ideas -- the nightmarishly enthusiastic audience in the film vaguely reminded me of the one i was sharing the theatre with , and i was certainly thinking about gutting the overly-noisy person a few seats away myself after about fifteen minutes -- the prologue is a pale imitation of the bravura opening sequence in the original with drew barrymore ( where her performance not only convinced me that she * could * act , but was so good that it would rank among the best performances in a horror film that i've ever seen ) . 
the film incidentally provides surprisingly little backstory , although i suppose a good case can be made that it really isn't necessary -- not because so many people have seen the first installment , but because this is , after all , a sequel to a slasher film : what do you * think * happened to these characters in the prior movie ? 
a movie that's just as good as that song , really . 
really , it's all confusing to keep track of in review format , your best bet is to just , well , go . 
the movie features some very good acting from all angles , and limon adds the same humorous energy he had with swingers to this particular product . 
the intertwining of stories is a particularly good element to the movie , as it's never really confusing and tells different sides of the story , like sliding doors kinda did . 
cinematic science fiction is basically a thinly disguised shootout between the good humans and the bad aliens ( whether they be klingons , giant bugs , or proponents of the dark side of the force ) . 
far from comic book style on the order of spawn , batman , or the mutant ninja turtles , dark city not only features the showdown between good humans and powerful aliens , but it also asks questions worthy of films such as brazil or blade runner . 
another 'independent film' , this comedy , which was brought by miramax for $5 million , is good fun . 
and all of this is great fun . 
swingers doesn't rely on huge special effects , or big name stars to provide entertainment . 
no , it just has a great script and superb little known actors . 
the script , by favreau , is great . 
the audience feels for this pathetic little man , thanks to the great script . 
some of his chat-up lines are awful , but he always seems to get the girl thanks to his 'hard man' nature . 
vaughns character also gets the best laugh in the film , towards the end in a diner . 
the conversations that go on between mike and trent are great , but it never quite reaches tarantino standards ( which i suspect the film was trying to reach . ) 
mike & trents friends are also good , although there characters seem a bit underwritten , and we never really learn as much as we would like about them . 
but again , the lines they say are usually pretty good , and they do have some funny parts . 
as said above , vaughn is superb as trent , he's definitely the best thing in the film . 
favreau is also good , acting as 'the little man' very well , and the way he always feels sorry for himself is very funny . 
graham ( boogie nights , 1997 ) has a small but good role as lorraine , a girl mike finally falls in love with . 
just how great are their hormones raging ? 
ben ( nicolas cage in possibly the best male performance of the past twenty years ) is the drunk . 
after lewis gives ben the money , he coldly says " i think it would be best if you didn't contact me again . " 
the direction is great ( with mike figgis doing a brilliant mix between the glamor of las vegas and the moody , smokey atmosphere of a film noir ) and it contains two of the best performances to come out of the 90s , or any other decade for that matter . 
however , if you are cool with those two things , you are in for one of the most memorable experiences you will ever have . 
while parts of " the horse whisperer " are epic in scope and vision , especially the aerial " travelogue " that maps out this great country of ours , its real strength lies in the subtleties it uses to paint the fragile alliance between man and beast . 
redford and thomas are strong and convincing as the couple drawn by a mutual affection for the great outdoors and each other , but it's scarlett johansson as grace who shines in a more difficult role . 
 " the horse whisperer " is that rare kind of movie : it looks good , it feels good , and by golly it does you good . 
the scene of " second best " is laid in wales . 
graham feels that he has been a disappointment to his parents . 
there has never been real love between his parents and him . 
but graham has not only to convince the institutions , but must also win the love of james . 
 " second best " is based on a novel by david cook who also wrote the screenplay . 
the film was directed by chris menges who had made his directing debut with the very good anti-apartheid drama " a world apart " ( 1987/88 ) . 
and maybe , " second best " is even a greater picture . 
this precise , richly detailed , sensitively and convincingly directed study about a special adoption treats its theme with great seriousness . 
 " second best " is an underestimated masterpiece . 
based on the book by author james ellroy , l . a . confidential is probably one of the best piece of work produced by hollywood in recent years . 
there is also the young hot-shot rookie , ed exley ( pearce ) , fresh out of the academy and all-out to carve a name for himself in the footsteps of his legendary cop father . 
3 policemen , distinct in their characters and paths but all of them working in a place where there is no real distinction between good and evil . 
pearce's exley is cool and calculative in his actions and there is a slight hint of val kilmer in his appearance . 
superb acting . , wonderful storytelling and one of the best climaxing gunfights ever . 
easily the best hollywood piece for 1997 . 
plot : high-school musical set in the 1950's showcasing the relationship between the cool danny zuko of the t-birds ( travolta ) and the innocent and pure sandy olsen ( newton-john ) from australia . 
this movie effectively juggles a thin romantic story line and the overall experience of the 1950's , with a superb soundtrack and some great dance numbers . 
on the down side , some of the absolute innocence in this film might bore or turn people off ( like when sandy sings about " drinking lemonade " and " staying out until 10 " with danny in " summer nights " ) , and the plot isn't exactly the most elaborate story-line ever created , but despite these small reservations , this movie carries enough great music and high energy to keep anyone amused through its rapid 110 minute running time ( and believe me . . . i 
essentially , it goes against and defies all concepts of good contemporary filmmaking . 
little do they know , they are already in love with each other over the internet , only neither party knows the other person's true identity . 
when ryan discovers the true identity of her online love , i was filled with such , for lack of a better word , happiness that for the first time all year , i actually left the theater smiling . 
wild things is the best sleazy film i've ever seen . 
it's filled with great performances , graphic sex , three-way sex , rape charges , double-crosses , plot twists , genitalia of all genders , graphic violence , death , witty humor , and , best of all , denise richards . 
i thought she did a great job acting , too ( stop laughing ) . 
the other actors are good , too . 
bacon does a good job acting all determined and stuff as a sex crimes officer . 
for the most part , however , the best moments are the ones involving the slightly unhinged types . 
 " slacker " is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy , whatever its flaws , and its status as a cult classic is well-deserved . 
while i was therefore pretty well psyched to see it , i was ever mindful that a trailer can make even the most mediocre film look good . 
with the help of his friend dom ( chris elliott ) , ted hires slimy private investigator pat healy ( matt dillon ) to track down his only love . 
not exactly intelligent comedies , they are of the guilty pleasure variety where you might not want your friends or co-workers to think you had such a great time watching them . 
one of the great things this film has going for it is ben stiller . 
ted's a nice fellow and tries to do his best , but for some reason or another things just don't always work out . 
heck , i even found her laugh to be cute , even though i thought it was annoying during an appearance she made on the tonight show last week . 
anyway , here's another good piece of casting , as dillon slips beautifully into the role of the guy who tries to worm his way into mary's heart . 
the supporting performances are also good . 
chris elliott has a bigger part than in the abyss ( yes , check it out next time ) , and less annoying than in cabin boy . 
lin shae , who plays mary's neighbor magda ( and also appeared as the landlady in kingpin ) , provides some good laughs , especially in scenes with her benji-like dog , which acts as the focal point for a few of the funniest moments of the film . 
after that it got a little annoying , and it's unfortunate that those spots interrupt what would otherwise be a smooth flow . 
california , despite his name , is a surprisingly intelligent and complex character , and phoenix does a very good job at slowly pulling the audience to sympathy for the character . 
yes , snuff is a horrible thing , but a detective of welles' caliber has probably encountered awful things before . 
one of the best scenes in the film occurs toward the end as a crazed welles , who no longer seems like a hero , brutally beats one of the pornographers responsible for the snuff film . 
the setting is after the first world war , during the great depression years . 
here little tree learns an almost magical appreciation for nature and farm life - - and experiences beautiful and wondrous things such as the sunrise . 
through his childhood experiences , little tree learns lessons about love , race , life , death , people , nature , and folk wisdom . 
this one's as good as old yeller . 
from there , director steven spielberg wastes no time , taking us into the water on a midnight swim with a beautiful girl that turns deadly . 
unlike so many modern filmmakers , he has a great deal of restraint , and refuses to show us the shark until the middle of the second act . 
the island is shaken up by several vicious great white shark attacks right before the fourth of july , and the mayor , larry vaughn ( murray hamilton ) , doesn't want to shut down the beaches because the island is reliant on summer tourist money . 
shaw delivers the story in one long take , and it is the best acting in the film . 
a shark is such a perfect nemesis it is real -- having survived sinch the dinosaurs , great whites do exist , they can be as large as the shark in " jaws , " and they are a threat . 
and visually , fincher shows us the remains of murder victims in all-too-realistic and graphic terms ( courtesy of rob bottin's always-grisly special effects ) . 
midnight in the garden of good and evil is an eastwood-directed film clint isn't even in , and it's damn good . 
like all great movies , midnight in the garden has a lot of funny moments that spring from the characters themselves , and not from some contrived , juvenile intrusion . 
the acting , from big-time stars john cusack and kevin spacey , is as good as you'd expect , but it's the supporting stable that gives the movie its offbeat charm . 
midnight in the garden of good and evil isn't a classic , but it is one of the better celebrity-directed , true-story best-seller adaptations out there . 
likewise , no one from this movie will be getting any oscar nominations , but the performances are all great . 
in fact , i'd almost recommend that the academy add a best supporting transvestite category . 
it's amazing , the kinds of things you can do when you work to a soundtrack . 
do yourself a favor and see this film in a theater with a good sound system , because the music will come through astonishingly well and really enhance the movie . 
with solid performances , action , adventure , a bit of romance , and great music and animation , tarzan should appeal to the kids and to the kid in all of us . 
after subsequent viewings , i feel that independence day really wasn't as great as it seemed--though i still give it a positive review . 
in reality , i found myself watching a space version of " melrose place , " but with better special effects . 
it's about special effects and gory violence . 
director verhoeven , most known for his nudie film showgirls and basic instinct , returns to his sci-fi days , which gave us good films like total recall . 
the film has a testosterone level off the charts , with chiseled men and beautiful women . 
the cast of starship troopers is quite annoying to begin with , but they soon grow on you . 
fortunately , van dien is the worst of the cast , despite how hard he tries to come off as a real character . 
denise richards also does a good job , and her scenes are very well done . 
however , he does give a good performance . 
michael ironside gives the best performance of the film as the teacher with one arm . 
oh , and the special effects are first rate . 
it is a satire about class differences and falling in love with the wrong person , and that there is a song in everyone's heart for every occasion . 
also , the glossy amberlike photography added a very french romantic feeling to the story , while the mood of paris as being a place for love to flourish above all else , which has always been embellished in movie lore , comes through with flying colors . 
it also does a good job of showing you the way paris is in the 1990s and in the way ordinary people exist there . 
screenwriters and actors jean-pierre bacri and agnes jaoui wrote themselves the best parts . 
love is 'the same old song' that makes the world go 'round , even when all the characters are liars and not exactly open to what their true motives are . 
there's not a lot of bite to this satirical musical , but resnais has never made a bad film and is one of the best current french directors , if not the best . 
this film is not one his great ones , but it still has enough pep in its light touches to be interesting . 
it is also interesting in the way it examines its characters' behavior as being similar in business as in love . 
naturally , what entails next is a lot of running/jumping about and general high quality action as jason patrick does his level best to save the day . 
the acting is adequate , although it's darned obvious that sandra bullock is only in it to create a 'hot totty' appeal to the men ( and she does that perfectly ! ) , jason patrick fills the action hero role superbly and willem dafoe is just great as the crazed terrorist . 
not up to it's predecessor's high calibre but very good all the same . 
there is plenty going on , some of the thrills are quite tense and it also proves that you do not need blood and guts to make a good action movie . 
following this sideshow of horror-lab special effects we are plunged quickly into a non-stop exploration of the weirdness that is leuchter's life and mind . 
and bond's last one-liner in the film is about the best of the series . 
everything from wild boat chases to the usual assortment of cool bond gadgets trotted out just when there seems to be no way out for 007 . 
while he did a good job for the most part , there were points in the movie , specifically during action sequences , that he seemed to loose site of the fact that he was making essentially an action film . 
this time we have yet another over villain that bond has to stop for the good of the world . 
they took great pains to explain his condition , but it only came up later in the movie as a scene that can only be described as looking like an afterthought . 
but because it is a bond film , the beautiful women and nifty gadgets seem to make you forget about script problems quite quickly . 
robbie coltrane was easily one of the best parts in goldeneye , so it was nice to see his russian mobster character revived in this movie . 
sophie marceau might be one of the most beautiful actresses working today . 
marceau may be the most talented actress to ever play a bond love interest . 
i was pleasantly surprised to find that she really did a good job playing a nuclear scientist . 
i must say that the biggest disappointment was robert carlyle's character . 
last , but not least , we have desmond llewelyn as q . this is the 17th appearance for llewelyn as bond's gadget guy , and he is as good as ever . 
this is easily the best of the brosnan films . 
it may even be the best of the entire series , certainly in the top 3 . 
what's shocking about " carlito's way " is how good it is . 
and what a shame because pacino and de palma both do amazing jobs with it , and turn it into a great piece of a pulpy character study . 
he gets a bodyguard ( the great luis guzman , at his best ) , and is soon running a pretty good business , even if he's constantly attracting underworld young thugs , like benny blanco " from the bronx " ( john leguiziamo ) , who is more than once pointed out to be a young version of carlito . 
while this relationship is never fully defined or anything , we get a sense of love between them , and they have some truly interesting scenes between them ( she never gives him addresses or locales - he always has to track her down ) . 
when i say inevitable , i mean we see it at the beginning and then backtrack , putting a great spin on it . 
what's amazing is the big chase sequence ( amazingly done by de palma ) has a lot of tension and thrills . 
it's also very emotional , thanks to a great script by david koepp , and amazing performances by pacino and miller . 
to me , the best scene in the film is when carlito is on top of a building , looking down into the room where gail is doing ballet . 
this is the most brilliantly done , and most emotionally stimulating scene in the entire film , and probably the best in de palma film history . 
the acting from all is great , especially from the three leads . 
well , his " scent of a woman " performance was great and all , but it was nothing really but , as comic kevin pollack said , a " foghorn leghorn impression . " 
as i said , penelope ann miller is great , and she and pacino actually have very good chemistry . 
and they're scenes are well-written , with some good clever dialogue which adds some interest to an otherwise bland relationship . 
and sean penn is amazing as the coke-addicted rat attorney . 
every scene he's in , he has great energy , and even measures up to the greatness that is pacino . 
in smaller roles , john leguiziamo and luis guzman are great . 
it's a great little film , and proof that the residential critics and mass populus are not always right . 
it's actually quite a charming comedy that uses its ideas with a great deal of tact and sophistication . 
it's one of those movies that is best described as a solid piece of entertainment , perfect for a great night on the town , or as a saturday night movie rental . 
like any good hong kong movie , blade is heavy on the chopsocky action . 
there's an old saying that states something about leaving the best for last . 
instead , for return of the jedi , we have good triumphing decisively over evil , a resolution to a love triangle , and walking teddy bears . 
it is at jabba's home , a creepy-looking stone fortress guarded by hog-nosed beasts , that most of the added special effects come into play . 
from a technical point-of-view , the space battles are amazing , easily hindering anything depicted in the previous films . 
on one level , return of the jedi is almost worth watching for the special effects . 
in the special edition , even more ships are added , making the final space battle incredibly fun to watch . 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . 
with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . 
but if you can accept the view is that this is a movie about gay individuals , you'll love it . 
the best sequence , though , may be the beginning , following the prelude , a sequence which acts as the middle ground for both the actual being of the movement and the post-movement era . 
the cast is rather impressive , but no one really walks away with the film , and no performances are extremely good . 
as a cultural rock piece , " velvet goldmine " is rather good , but it is merely good . 
it's really nothing more than a bunch of really great moments , surrounded by material that could really be much better . 
the beginning is captivating but slow , the middle is fantastic , and the ending is not only shallow but worse than that , it drags ( the final half hour not only does it not bring the story to any real conclusion , it could probably stop at any point ) . 
still , it does what the oliver stone pic " the doors " didn't do right , becoming very insightful to what happened , using the visual style to hit most of the right notes of contrast between what made the era so great to those who lived during it and why after living through such an era that everything else seems half-assed ( i suppose the message is : " live life , but after you've lived it , what else is the point when you'll be forced to live with regretful memories ? " ) . 
it is now up to john and frank to use their special connection and save thirty years ago to make present time a better place . 
i usually don't buy those cheesy " i love you dad " segments in movies , but this one surprisingly satisfied me . 
inheriting the mantle from last year's " winner , " matthew mcconaughey , is matt damon , and , like mcconaughey , he proves to be more than just a fresh young face , as evidenced in two radically different projects currently in release--john grisham's the rainmaker and good will hunting . 
written for the screen and directed by coppola , the rainmaker is the best grisham film yet mostly because it does not take itself too seriously . 
as good as he is in the rainmaker , damon showcases the depth of his talent in good will hunting , directed by gus van sant and written by actor ben affleck and damon himself . 
good will hunting is the touchy-feely enterprise its plot synopsis suggests , but to simply dismiss it as that would be to discount the true emotional chords affleck and damon's intelligent script touches . 
williams delivers a nice dramatic turn ; affleck , a hot up-and-coming actor himself ( chasing amy ) , turns up in a warm and charming performance as will's best friend ; and the ever-appealing minnie driver shines as will's harvard-schooled love interest . 
so many names come and go with the fluctuations of the hollywood hype machine , but based on his impressive work in john grisham's the rainmaker and especially good will hunting , it is a safe bet that matt damon is one name we will be hearing a lot more of in the years to come . 
when that tone is backed up by an outstanding story and great acting , the effect can be described best by an adjective i do not use lightly : " literary . " 
director lasse hallstrom ( my life as a dog ) and legendary cinematographer sven nykvist create a magnificent visual backdrop for peter hedges' screenplay , based on his own novel . 
the ideas behind blade are good , as is the basic plot of the story . 
including a thirst for human blood that must be kept under control by a special serum which quenches his blood lust . 
i personally thought that this whole secret corporate world run by vampires to be a very clever idea , and a great addition to the movie . 
very cool . 
he is head over heels in love and lindas sudden departure to new york city to live with her new lover anton ( tch ? ky karyo ) comes as a complete surprise to him . 
but as we all know love is blind and so sam leaves for new york as well to win her back . 
the camera obscura adds a " special something " to the movie and makes it an exceptional romantic comedy . 
after all , who would leave everything behind to chase a lost love ? 
 " addicted to love " is one of this year's most pleasant surprises . 
it is a pleasure to be part of a classic confrontation of good vs evil , and rooting for the good guys , in this case jeff . 
worth a special mentioning is j . t walsh ( who previously worked with kurt russell in executive decision ) as the leader of the gang , he renders a deliciously wicked performance , temporarily stepping out of the minor roles he is known for . 
imagine all of that , and you'll get a good sense of what you can expect from " the butcher boy . " 
now , she poses as much a threat to the safety and security of town bully francie and his best pal joe ( alan boyle ) as the looming commie menace ( " the butcher boy " is set at a time when the fear of nuclear obliteration is first and foremost in the minds of many ) . 
for his followup to the academy-beloved the english patient , he has once again turned to a love story , this time directed by accomplished australian film maker gillian armstrong ( little women ) . 
as good as fiennes is , however , he is eclipsed by cate blanchett . 
it's a trait associated with what my brother calls " too good for this world " movies , like phenomenon or powder . 
lambeau ( stellan skarsgard from breaking the waves ) , a math professor , learns that the janitor ( will ) is a genius with a special talent for advanced mathematics . 
he knows he would be the best in his field , and therefore spend all of his time in an office , explaining math to people like lambeau . 
he's not an actor with a great range , but in the right roles he has great depth . 
in this movie , as in awakenings , there comes a point when the quiet , shy man accomplishes something of great personal importance , and a smile of pure joy spreads up to his eyes . 
his exceptional gift singled him out , and those who love him kept pushing him in the right direction . 
if i had to say anything bad about good will hunting is that it walks the line between drama and melodrama . 
but this is a relatively small complaint about a very good movie . 
a good movie allows its characters to learn and grow . 
it doesn't just happen ; it takes a good script , good acting , and good direction . 
good will hunting has all three . 
i had a good time . 
curiously each film seems to arrange to have a signature scene with characters holding on to some large metal object that is about to fall some great distance . 
joe johnston , who directs , already has to his credit two very good films i recommend the rocketeer and october sky . 
the film they have made is a long way from great cinema , but it still is fun . 
but , in something of a pseudo- `groundhog day' approach , director tom tykwer gives lola three separate chances to best navigate her way toward the goal . 
language aside , the principal difference between the films is that , while kieslowski took great pains to draw us into the main character's world , alchemy keeps its viewers at arm's length . 
in addition to asking the basic question of how a person should cope with the unexpected death of a loved one , it probes beneath the surface of concepts like the importance of faith in the healing process , the meaning of love , and the nature of art . 
and , although louisa partakes of their peculiar brand of medicine , it's ultimately love and companionship , not alchemy , that brings solace . 
alchemy isn't pure magic , but , especially during its best moments , it's close . 
titanic is , without a doubt , the best movie i've seen all year . 
the film opens with footage , both real and fake , of an underwater excursion by special submarines to the bottom of the atlantic , where a team of explorers lead by bill paxton are searcing for a diamond called the " heart of the ocean " , which , according to bill paxton's character , would be worth more than the hope diamond today . 
the first hour and a half or so of titanic tells the story of how rose dewitt ( kate winslet ) and jack dawson fall in love . 
but as i said above , the love portion isn't sappy and doesn't " weigh the film down " , as some critics have said . 
it's sweet , and it didn't make me restless at all , despite the fact that i usually hate love stories . 
the sinking is depicted realisticly , and the effects are truly amazing . 
the best part of the movie , in my opinion , comes at the very end , when we flash back to the future . 
however , i think it symbolized more ; i think it meant that rose had died , and is going to a sort of heaven , which would be the happiest part of her life : her and her one true love , jack . 
there are some 80s classics and anti-classics like tears for fears " everybody wants to rule the world , " but unfortunately no stupid/fun 80s songs ( i think if i ever did an 80s reunion film , i'd put some crap go gos song on , or at least some good old " come on eileen " ) , but this is the british 80s we're talking about . 
but anyway , the direction is pretty good , although nothing amazing . 
branagh's forte is really making shakespeare fresh and magical , but at least he's very good with making a less ambiguous film like this . 
the writing is good from rita rudner and martin bregman , with lots of good one-liners , and even some really bad but good puns ( to mock the fact that andrew lives in l . a . , peter , while cutting some logs , asks him is he has wood in l . a . , and andrew says , " no , but we have hollywood " - punishment like that ) . 
the acting is bad from weller when he is human , but very good when he is robocop . 
this movie isn't anything special though . 
sure enough , ordell shows up at jackie's apartment that evening and tries to silence jackie for good , but she " borrows " max's pistol and manages to turn the tables on ordell . 
robert forster is thoroughly likable because he comes across as such an honest guy , trying to do his best . . 
fonda , on the other hand , plays the slightly spaced-out melanie with satisfactory relish and cuteness , such that even when she is annoying louis , we are taking her side . 
she has good chemistry with collette , and the film suffers when griffiths is off-screen . 
her ability to convey concealed pain and unconditional love is the opposite , yet near-revolutionary role that won emily watson an oscar nomination for " breaking the waves " . 
both women are torn apart by an extraordinary incident but it is only then that we truly see , truly feel , their wordless , omnipotent love . 
they use upper class british accents and in their conversations they make it out to appear that kids are no good and should be ignored . 
this scene shows that what was once cool in a past generation is the complete opposite in another . 
even if " rebel without a cause " has some ridiculous scenes ( the game of chicken - did people really act this way ? ) , an unbelievable conclusion ( how did everyone end up at the abandoned mansion at the end ? ) , and a silly romance ( wood declares her love for dean after talking to him for a couple hours ) it still is a fabulous film . 
the acting is so believable that it is no wonder that dean was considered the epitome of cool . 
but what is far from a letdown is the film as a whole , a wildly imaginative feast for the senses that does what all the best science fiction films do--create a universe unlike any other presented on the silver screen . 
speaking in the vaguest possible terms , the basics of the plot are as follows : in the year 2259 , a great force of evil threatens to consume the earth , and only the four elements--earth , wind , fire , and water--united with a fifth element can stop it . 
but it would not have been a completely captivating vision if the people inhabiting the settings weren't equally as interesting , and are they ever . 
in addition to the exotic menagerie of alien creatures that populate this world , from bulky robots to dog-like mangalores , the humans are outfitted in costumes by eccentric designer jean-paul gaulthier , best known for creating madonna's pointy bustier get-up in her blonde ambition tour . 
good films are hard to find these days . 
great films are beyond rare . 
the scenes are skillfully crafted and executed with amazing accuracy and poise . 
it is a film about the choices men and women make in the face of love and war , and the sacrifices one makes for those choices -- the sacrifices that help you sleep at night . 
when he finally got out of prison for good , carter became a rising star as a middleweight pro boxer , seemingly having his career on track , until the police framed him for multiple homicide . 
norman jewison directs the film , doing a reasonably good job of pacing and shot selection . 
jewison puts together a particularly nice scene by utilizing a pretty cool trick : carter is sent to solitary confinement for 90 days when he refuses to wear a prison uniform , and jewison , assisted by some wonderful acting from a game washington , shows how carter gradually starts to lose his mind during the constant solitude , and eventually we get three rubin carters arguing with each other in one cell . 
jewison's best achievement in " the hurricane " is succeeding at showing how carter becomes an embittered man during his hard-knock life , and how he is able to break out of that bitterness and learn to trust people again . 
take a look at the supporting characters , for example , who are drawn up as either entirely good or entirely evil . 
the canadians are good . 
love's gonna bust me out . " ) , and the big courtroom climax during which everyone gets to make an impassioned speech could have been lifted from a made-for-tv lifetime special . 
only one actor could have made a schmaltzy , predictable picture like this work as well as it does , and it's a good thing " the hurricane " has that actor . 
carter has been quoted as saying , " denzel washington is making me look good , " but he's not the only one . 
washington makes this film look good . 
sounds pretty good to me . 
 " the wrong trousers , " for example , pulled out a lot of old hitchcockian suspense tricks , and " a close shave " owed a great deal of inspiration to classic detective stories . 
the plot is largely lifted from " the great escape " ( watch for a quick reference to the ball-bouncing scene ) , with some spielberg-inspired action sequences providing the excitement . 
there are references to " the great escape , " obviously , and " stalag 17 . " 
the voice cast turns in uniformly lively performances , and the characters they play are given so many subtle nuances that it's hard not to fall in love with every one of them . 
jane horrocks delivers a lovely voice characterization as tragically optimistic babs ( a hen that runs away with most of the best one-liners , all while perpetually crocheting a sweater ) , and two supply-trading rats that seem to have walked straight out of a monty python sketch nearly steal the show during the lively central swing-dancing sequence . 
this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail . 
best bit : baby crawling across a busy city street . 
joe mantegna is a great head stooge , barking lines like " that little doo-doo machine is my retirement money . " 
brian haley has a great scene with a gorilla , while joe pantolianto plays curly to mantegna's moe . 
much of the success of planet of the apes goes to burton's technical crew , especially production designer rick heinrichs and the legendary rick baker who created the ape makeup . 
i didn't believe that they ( mike myers and dana carvey ) could hold it up for an hour and a half , i figured that perhaps the first half-hour would be great , and the rest would be " fluff . " 
however , myers turns in a good performance as wayne , playing the character perfectly , ( although i still liked him better back on much music , in a more " canadian " type of mode . ) 
without a doubt , this is the best comedy so far this year . 
his attitude upsets his beautiful and increasing jealous wife , gay ( ann todd ) . 
she deflects her husband's affections as she fears that he is beginning to fall in love with his client . 
as the judge's wife , lady sophie horfield , ethel barrymore got a nomination for best supporting actress -- the film's only nomination -- for an inconsequential part with which she did little of merit . 
the great master shows his hand there as the tensions build as rapidly in the second part as they lay fallow in the first . 
that tradition continues as well with this fun special effects extravaganza . 
don't expect huge things out of the mummy , but just expect to have a good time . 
this movie is extremely campy and plays out like an old horror film with beefed up special effects , which may turn off some viewers . 
the state of the art special effects take you into a completely different world . 
as of now , the mummy holds the title for best special effects of this year , but all this could change when star wars episode 1 : the phantom menace is released into theaters across the country . 
although brendan fraser is great , rachel weisz gives the best performance among the cast . 
the cinematography is amazing in the mummy . 
the costume design in the film is also up there with the great cinematography . 
the bottom line- with the mummy , the summer is off to its usually great start . 
naturally , the two outcasts become good friends and share many adventures together , from disrupting sunday school to doing community service to playing little league baseball . 
joe doesn't quite buy it , but he sticks by simon ; the two tough it out through the worst of times and are each other's only true friends . 
both are good films in which several characters , none of whom are the most conscientious to have walked the earth but still are not really evil , indulge in an act of deception that soon necessitates more serious crimes . 
them wacky monsters , gotta love 'em . 
that is where deep rising fails , which is a good thing . 
despite all them flashy effects and big explosions , deep rising is still , at heart , a good 'ol b movie . 
luckily , it's a very good b movie . 
the worst cliches in movie history are a b movie's bread and butter . 
therefore , things that would destroy a serious movie actually help us have a good time while watching a movie of lower calibre . 
cool . 
so far so good . 
all in all , i'd recommend deep rising if you are looking for a good time and care to leave your brain at the door . . . but 
how to best describe it ? 
i've never found someone automatically admirable or even interesting because they killed creatively or in great numbers , and because of that i had apprehensions about seeing henry . 
the movie is especially good at showing how they seem to have drifted casually into it : there's a scene where the two go to buy a new tv . 
neeson in particular deserves kudos for his portrayal of a man trying to do good , but continually haunted by his past . 
the film slightly loses its luster during his brief love affair , but it is transitory , and truly only distracting when contrasted with the rest of the film . 
cameron diaz gives her best performance to date here , and has a lot of fun in playing the hateful laura , who eventually turns out to be more crazy than any of the five male friends . 
this simple but touching love story , coupled with a healthy dose of smart humour , makes the little mermaid a remarkably captivating picture . 
is the film's entertainment value really augmented by hearing a recognizable voice , rather than a voice which best suits the role ? 
in large roles and small ( edie mcclurg as dotting busybody carlotta is ideal , and rene auberjonois has great fun with his exuberant french chef ) , the little mermaid is impeccably cast . 
of course , the little mermaid will probably be best remembered for its remarkable collection of songs composed by the songwriting team of alan menken ( music ) and howard ashman ( lyrics ) , who had created little shop of horrors and would go on to compose beauty and the beast and aladdin for disney before mr . ashman's untimely death . 
it appears that most people prefer the delightfully colourful production number for the calypso-styled " under the sea " as joyfully crooned by mr . wright , which won the academy award and golden globe awards for best song -- indeed , one of the many little joys in screening the film during its re-release was listening to children scattered throughout the audience singing along with the tune -- but my favourite is ms . benson's heartfelt rendition of the ballad " part of your world " , an achingly beautiful tune of yearning and hope ( wonderfully lyricized by mr . ashman ) which , accompanied by the film's most dazzlingly polished animation sequence , packs an emotional wallop which literally brought tears to my eyes . 
any reason to put this film back into theatres is a good one , and it's a true joy to see this heartwarming gem back on the silver screen . 
the little mermaid is the best film to come out of the disney's modern animation renaissance , and one of the greatest animated films ever made . 
redford may look great on-screen , but over the past few years , he's proven himself a bigger talent behind the camera . 
ordinary people is one of the best films of the nineteen-eighties , and it was the first picture he helmed . 
scott-thomas plays annie maclean , an uptight but respected new york magazine editor whose daughter grace ( johanssen ) loses a leg and a good friend when an early morning ride climaxes with their horses colliding with a semi . 
eventually , they move onto the booker ranch with the rest of tom's family , and annie finds herself falling in love with all things montana , including , naturally , tom , the wise and lonely trainer . 
now , as writer and star of bowfinger , he offers the masses plenty of good reasons not to pursue a career in the cinema , perhaps finally venting the frustrations ( 'everything being made now is crap' ) that led to his brief retirement from hollywood . 
he sends his cast members ( who aren't in on it , either ; they are told ramsey hates the sight of cameras and fraternizing with his co-stars ) to ramsey's table at restaurants , asks them to follow him in parking lots , etc . , spouting script dialogue , all the while shooting the outcome from a great distance . 
that said , it offers one fantastic reason to get on that bus : the sense of community between filmmakers who gel is awesome . 
so many students strive to get into schools such as harvard of princeton , but they just don't get the good grades . 
the way the movie is filmed is also great . 
the performances in the curve are very good . 
michael vartan was also superb in never been kissed , where he co-starred with drew barrymore as a teacher who fell in love with his student . 
keri russell also gives a great performance . 
she should be a good actress in the horror department of the film . 
 " the endurance : shackleton's legendary antarctic expedition " 
in 1914 , as the great war descended upon europe , sir ernest shackleton began his third expedition to antarctica , this time to be the first to cross the ice-bound continent on foot . 
director george butler , using film footage and photographs from the historic journey , tells their remarkable story in " the endurance : shackleton's legendary antarctic expedition . " 
 ( shackleton's amazing 800-mile journey in an open boat is fodder for a rousing adventure story all by itself . ) 
as the crew's adventure takes more drastic paths , hurley had less and less film stock available to chronicle the awesome events . 
in this good natured , pleasent and easy going comedy , bill murray ( ghostbusters , 1984 ) plays grumpy weatherman phil conners , who , every year , is sent to punxsutawney , p . a , to report on groundhog day . 
however , fate has a cruel trick for phil , and he starts re-living groundhog day over , and over , and over , until he gradually likes it , and rita falls in love with him . 
although the idea of a day repeating over and over may sound tedious , there are enough good jokes to hold the audiences attention throughout the whole film . 
and the editing is also good , especially when it shows one part of the day over , and over again , such as when phil tries to have the perfect night with rita . 
bill murray is great fun , and his transistion from cynical to happy is smooth , and delivers his lines in his usual smary style . 
andie macdowell is good as rita , although sometimes she is just a little bit too sweet in some parts of the film . 
critique : a very good , serious-minded , unique british gangster flick which misses the " great " mark by way of an annoying voice-over popping up throughout the film and a so-so ending . 
here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
it's 1968 and these dudes are looking good ! 
the basis of this film comes in the relationship between the number one gangster in the group , the excellent david thewlis , and one of his cronies , paul bettany , also extremely good in this film , and how the power , sex appeal and coolness of one , affects the other . 
that scene is also in tune with some of the obvious phallic and homoerotic undertones present throughout this film , especially in the relationship between bettany and his boss ( why does he get so upset when he falls in love with that woman ? ) . 
i also didn't quite " buy " the ending of the movie , which despite being original , seemed a little unbelievable , especially when you consider that it's supposed to be taking place 30 years later , and folks still seem to be holding grudges , still in love , still living in the same apartments ? ? ! ? 
believe it or not , it bears the cool of the former and the stark humane meaning of the latter . 
great performances by clooney and wahlberg but the brilliance have to lie in the conception of this film ; the screenwriter and the director . 
three kings ranks among the best films of the year , well , for me at least . 
his real-estate development partner bob la salle ( john lithgow ) proposes a toast to him and to their prosperous business , while his high society friends give him their best wishes . 
he falls instantly in love with her and doesn't heed bob's warnings that she might be a gold digger and decides to take her back to new orleans and marry her . 
sandra becomes his second chance to prove his love , as he thinks he can finally put the past behind him . 
it must be some sort of warped critical nightmare : the best movie of the year would be a summer vehicle , a jim carrey vehicle at that . 
yes , in his own misguided way he loves truman as a father to a son , and has provided the best universe he could provide . 
dalloway ) as carrey's true " forbidden love " , sylvia , very effective in another pivotal small role . 
laura linney ( congo ) and noah emmerich ( copland ) have the unfortunate task of playing truman's wife and best friend ; their sitcom-ish dialogue allow little room for any authentic character development . 
the exception is at the very beginning , where they speak into the camera , wholeheartedly believing that their participation is truly good for truman , and for society in general . 
good ! 
the movie spans nine more years of rocky's relationship with his grandson , and the trials posed when the grandson meets and falls in love with--gasp--a woman , and starts spending all his time with her . 
or , another possible point , peter falk just isn't such a great box office draw . 
either way , this is still a good movie and you should give it a chance like i did , whether you hate your roommate or not . 
however , i like courtroom dramas , and this film looked good enough to take a chance on . 
it wasn't a great film , but it was interesting , and took several unexpected turns . 
richard gere does a fairly good job . 
the actor who playes vail's investigator ( unfortunately , i don't remember his name ) is quite good . 
the best performance in the film was by edward norton . 
the end result is spectacular ; mulan is one of disney's best movies ever . 
kids of any age will like the family themes , and will understand the good guys versus bad guys thing . 
and adults can admire those male/female nuances as well as the interplay between traditional notions of family , honor , and duty with industrial age notions of romantic love , gumption , and questioning . 
computers were used for crowd scenes of up to 30 , 000 people , and a special program called 'attila' was used for a spectacular sequence involving 2000 attacking huns on horseback . 
larry flynt's wife , althea leasure is played by courtney love . 
larry meets althea at one of his clubs , and they fall in love ( a very sexual and open love ) . 
courtney love obviously has a great understanding for althea's situation , as she is brilliant in portraying althea in every respect . 
isaacman is very easy to like , and great at proving ( in quite clever ways ) his points to the court . 
milos forman has done a great job in directing the people vs . larry flynt . 
when a special branch of the united states military , under the command of general william devereaux ( bruce willis ) , takes prisoner suspected terrorist mastermind sheik ahmed bin talal , islamic fundamentalists across the world take notice . 
what's great about this film is that it is made as if holding up a mirror to life . 
edward zwick has created a clever , well written and terrifying thriller that may very well be one of the best films of the season . 
there are concentration camps and unlawful interments , all in the name of the " greater good . " 
agent hubbard's best friend and loyal colleague frank haddad ( tony shalhoub ) is lebanese-american . 
they seduce you with their suffering " or " they love this country as much as we do . " 
but no matter how you twist this matter , you won't get away from the fact that when it comes to world wide terrorism it is arab-speaking population who are in the great majority . 
expressing his abhorrence towards the rise of nazism in his homeland , lang takes great care in creating a sense of discomfort during the scenes of mob hysteria . 
director alan parker ( the commitments ) knows how to tell a good story and angela's ashes , despite its relentlessly literary tone remains interesting . 
his mother doesn't seem to mind because she wants the best possible future for her son , as any mother would , but it still seems inconsiderate of him . 
despite a few minor setbacks , it is a captivating story of people forced to live in the trenches by an merciless society where those of weaker character are shoved to the bottom of the financial ladder . 
accepting his oscar as producer of this year's best picture winner , saul zaentz remarked that his cup runneth over . 
yet this surfeit of signals is made to serve a rather pale and thinly realized love story whose emotional impact is as dry as a desert wind . 
ralph fiennes is the title character , an amnesiac burn victim whose gradual return to memory , and particularly the memory of love , is the ostensible focus of the film . 
yet there is something so captivating about the sensibility behind the camera that i couldn't help but feel that greatness was in the air . 
it reaches the breaking point when the older girl ( locane ) and a boy , the co's son ( o'donnell ) see her mother and the co making love in an abandoned shed . 
amy locane is very good as she fights to keep her family together while struggling with her own doubts as to whether she even should . 
however , i felt just as good leaving american pie 2 as i did after leaving greenfingers , which tells the offbeat tale of british murderer colin briggs ( clive owen of croupier ) . 
despite their differences , the men come together and through hard work and love earn a spot at the big game -- in this case a prestigious garden show . 
of course , love will also rear its head ( no , not " prison love " ) . 
give credit to owen for keeping his cool in a part that begs for overacting . 
his speech to the parole board about being reborn through gardening is the best scene of its kind since morgan freeman's last stand in the shawshank redemption . 
in zoolander , the world's most successful , influential and intellectually-challenged male model derek zoolander wonders , " is there more to life than being really really really good looking ? " 
jerry stiller -- ben's dad who's best remembered as frank costanza of seinfeld -- makes a priceless turn as derek's slimy agent maury ballstein . 
one of the sweetest tales to ever be made , it's a wonderful life isn't perfect , but its good natured charm and beautiful performances light up the screen with glorious results . 
there is a general sense of goodness , as if everyone in the film knows that they are making a great film , and they relish that . 
this is a really good movie . 
no , this is a great movie . 
there is a reason classics are invented : to make sure that people will always have great movies to aid them in their quest for living life . 
they loved george , his wife , his troubles , and the beautiful ending . 
it is a film that just makes you feel good about life , family , and hope . 
i can't get over how much i love this movie , and how much you will , after watching it , digesting it , and sitting with your family , appreciating how special life really is . 
the glamorous movie star who is searching for true love . 
how sad it must be to be so wealthy and beautiful , but to have no one to share it with . 
the writer deals with difficult issues of love and social class on various levels . 
how differences in social standing can make it almost impossible for love to grow in such a harsh environment . 
how the media can be as cruel as it can be attentive , and how fulfilment in life and love can be found in forgiveness and sacrifice . 
opinion : the good news is that this movie has a happy ending , and it features a guy trying to do the right thing . 
in the typical lawyer movie there's one big case and the movie focuses on solving it , and somewhere along the line surprise witnesses and motives turn up before the good guy wins ( after lots of gripping courtroom drama ) . 
the end result is an entertaining low key law movie where the good guys win , and rudy narrates his way into coming of age . 
summoning up the audacity to fall in love is a harder job . 
 ( there's a great scene when he has to cross a floor made of mosaic tiles -- _very_small_ mosaic tiles . ) 
melvin has some great lines . 
one of the best aspects is that even as he opens up , he is still a curmudgeon . 
i don't remember ever seeing him in anything less than a stellar performance and his over-the-edge melvin is no disappointment . 
nicholson may be the best actor working today . 
 " as good as it gets " isn't exactly the quality that the title says , but it's pretty darn close . 
the best of the bunch were probably made by the late polish director krzysztof kieslowski , who was obsessed with questions of fate and chance . 
but , for those who just appreciate a romantic comedy characterized by solid acting , a script with a few twists , and a great deal of genuinely funny material , sliding doors still fits the bill . 
john lynch , taking a break from movies about ireland's troubles , does a good job presenting gerry as a inept , selfish philanderer . 
one member of the supporting cast deserves special notice . 
douglas mcferran , who plays gerry's best friend , russell , is an absolute delight , stealing every scene that he's in . 
part of this is surely because he is given the best lines in the movie . 
sliding doors grants more than just a good time at the movies , however . 
for those who are so inclined , its central theme offers an opportunity to ponder some of the more philosophical questions about the workings of the universe -- all while having a good time . 
personal rivalry and sexual jealousy carry over into the final 65 minutes , when an impending alien menace begins making good on its threatening presence and obliterates part of south america , killing johnny's parents and destroying his home . 
our weakening , lovesick protagonist is given new reasons to stick around the mobile infantry , and is dispatched with a group of fellow fighters to the aliens' home planet , where he will head up a ground assault to end the threat for good . 
but the enemy is far smarter , more diabolical and numerous than the good guys give them credit for , and after an initial walloping , they must re-examine their strategy . 
the creature design and special effects are amazing as expected , and their interaction with the human actors are a realistic , imaginative high point . 
the occasional dramatic moments -- one cast member's death , the final resolution to johnny's love triangle -- are botched , a testament to how " starship troopers " fails to create any strong , outstanding characters . 
in smaller parts are the afore-mentioned neil patrick harris as johnny's best friend and jake busey ( gary's son ) as johnny's sidekick ; the latter excels at playing creeps ( see " the frighteners " or " contact " ) but seems off-kilter as a second banana . 
but the overall familiarity to the " alien " trilogy -- and the promise of great gobs of gore -- could act as a crowd-drawer . 
we will know then which film to crown as the best summer movie of the fall . 
for 30 years , truman suspects nothing-`we accept the reality we're given , ' poses christof-but a desire to break free of the sunny town and visit a long lost love in `fiji' ( mcelhone , who was actually an actress fired by christof for trying to break the confidentiality agreement ) overwhelms him . 
in a few broad strokes , weir creates a convincing second-reality , and he has the good sense not to bring christof into the picture until almost three-quarters through . 
making a bold statement about organized religion and those who practice it , lasse hallstrom's chocolat is flawlessly acted and meticulously crafted-not to mention one of the best films of the year . 
a trade ad for chocolat sums up best the power the actresses have on screen with the tagline : " five extraordinary women , one extraordinary movie . " 
the technical aspects of chocolat are strong across the board : lasse hallstrom directs his enchanting fable with great care , perfectly balancing the elements of each genre to be found within the film . 
cinematographer roger pratt brings an atmospheric , fairy tale look to the film , and rachel portman's masterful score is her best and most memorable since the cider house rules . 
harry connick jr . , a very good jazz singer , shines as the imprisoned serial killer a la hannibal lecter . 
copycat is a good thriller . 
robert altman's cookie's fortune is that rare movie that does not depend on sentimentality to be uplifting and to make its viewers feel good . 
then we briefly get acquainted with emma ( liv tyler ) , an apparent relative of cookie , who is a down-but-not-out teen outcast , still full of love and hope even though she has no real place to live . 
robert altman's slight picture is in some ways reminiscent of something like midnight in the garden of good and evil as well , in that both films focus ( on and off ) on the eccentricities of the residents in a southern us town . 
glenn close turns in an insubstantial ( in terms of her career ) but magnificent performance as the conniving camille and is also the source of a good portion of the many laughs that we enjoy in this movie , and she is perfectly cast as the prolific " aunt alexandria " character , endlessly obsessed with family dignity . 
perhaps it's that good ol' southern charm . 
on the brink of being thrown out , he lands himself in even more hot water when he falls for first grade teacher rosemary cross ( olivia williams ) and enlists the help of millionaire acquaintance herman blume ( the great bill murray ) to build an aquarium ( on rushmore's baseball field ) in her honour . 
hopefully , if he avoids typecasting as weird , quirky loner-types he should earn himself a good career . 
while this isn't his best performance ( that honour goes to groundhog day ) he is still terrific here . 
everything you see in the film is rendered in great detail : individual threads in the fabric , individual strands of hair swaying , wrinkles and pimples on skin , incredible water effects . 
what is so special about the " spirits " that they would create a force strong enough to destroy the aliens ? 
worse yet , the dialogue is scripted to be either like a science-heavy star trek episode , an installment of die hard , or a sappy love story , depending on who's doing the talking . 
for the most part , it's bearable considering the genre , but tedious speeches and cheesy lines don't do anything to help the actors and can get annoying in the longer scenes . 
the only exception is steve buscemi as pilot neil fleming , who always has great cracks during tense moments . 
there's no question that the roughly 33 million people who have bought at least one final fantasy game will be eager to see this movie , and so should anyone who enjoys being floored by the best cg animation ever put to film . 
sumptuous and beautiful , vulgar and overdone , " moulin rogue " travels through the looking glass while an ethereal stereo loaded with 50 years worth of catchy tunes operates on the " random " setting . 
 " it was 1899 , the summer of love . . . 
 " christian ( ewan mcgregor ) is a penniless young writer newly arrived in paris , " to write about truth , beauty , freedom and love , " where he encounters a group of bohemians , led by henri de toulouse-lautrec ( john leguizamo ) . 
christian meets satine ( nicole kidman ) , a courtesan from the legendary moulin rogue , and his world transforms from black and white to technicolor . 
christian instantly falls in love with her and satine finds herself smitten with him as well , which is quite a hindrance for someone in her profession . 
one knockout piece , the " elephant love medley , " incorporates the beatles' " all you need is love , " u2's " in the name of love , " dolly parton's " i will always love you " and elton john and bernie taupin's " your song . " 
how about " diamonds are a girl's best friend " spiced with portions of " material girl ? " 
while i didn't completely love it , i most certainly liked it a lot . 
after this the film stays mostly on the battlefield , where besson demonstrates his ability to direct amazing action sequences , only occasionally resorting to a calmer tempo . 
bess o messenger' is nothing more than a fairly good film . 
it's a fact that a good thriller or action movie doesn't need violence to be good or worth watching . 
shane black netted a cool $4 mil for his script ; i'm not so sure if his prose is truly deserving of such a hefty price tag , but for what it's worth , it delivers the goods . 
jackson and davis make a good team . 
as good as he is , the one who should benefit the most from this project is davis , who shows much promise as an action heroine . 
but should the public embrace the film and , in turn , the notion of a kick-ass female , davis could have found her special niche . 
plot : good ol' texan kid suddenly gets to play first-string quarterback on his high school team's football team , in a town where football is considered religion . 
the good ol' texan boy does not approve of said man's methods . 
this is not a classic film by any stretch of the imagination , but it might teach some kids the hard lessons behind the " fun " game of football , or just allow them to have a good time for about an hour and forty-five minutes in the movie theatre ( or in the comfort of their own home , depending on where you watch this stuff . ) 
director brian robbins might be best remembered as the " cool dude " from the tv series " head of the class " . 
for those of you not familiar with the premise , dr clayton forrester ( beaulieu ) wishes to take over the world by finding the worst film ever made and unleashing it upon an unsuspecting public . 
the format of the show consists of nelson , servo and crow making their comments while silhouetted against the movie being watched , and breaks every 20 minutes or so for segments set on the satellite of love , the ship on which our heroes are marooned . 
this latter change is presumably deliberate to avoid the viewing audience missing some of the best lines while laughing from the previous joke . 
for their big screen outing , the producers have chosen " this island earth " , a 1954 classic , and one of the first sf films to have a special effects budget larger than the average grocery bill . 
i presume it was an attempt to gain a larger following to keep support behind the series ( rumours of its impending demise circulated for some time before the plug was eventually pulled a few months ago ) , but the format gains nothing from its transition to the big screen -- there are no special effects to dazzle you , no action sequences to keep you on the edge of your seat , and no use of digital surround sound . 
was it the tunes from sinatra , etc . , legendary singers the senior citizens in the film constantly harp on ? 
it was a romance told with such endearing simplicity , tenderness , and love ( from director bonnie hunt ) that it couldn't help but sparkle with charm despite its shortcomings . 
from the animal stars to the way all the characters interact on screen -- the most beautiful part . 
duchovny here does a laudable job of shaking off his fox mulder persona -- with the help of his fellow co-stars rarely do we see any hint of special agent fox mulder . 
instead we have a normal guy who when he falls in love shows more delight than fox mulder will show over the span of an entire season of " the x-files . " 
minnie driver is engaging as always as the sweet , innocent grace with nothing but a good heart to offer . 
the main subject is a love story , and the family scenes i love so much unfortunately are overused and distract from the turmoil of the two main characters ( whose story might not have that much meat after all ) . 
i loved knowing that this was a labor of love for bonnie hunt . 
even the late 80's special effects were okay . 
he's given a job at the radio station to his best friend , played by daniel stern , out of sympathy while stern's character works through his divorce . 
the movie is a good basic adventure , with enough plot twists to provide for an ending that is difficult to predict . 
humor-wise , the film has a good number of jokes which maintained my interest throughout the film . 
the film tries to pull your heart-strings too much regarding how close the characters are to each other , like when mitch had decided to suck the snake marrow out of his best friend's butt . 
as jerry and lori fall in love , can he do what must be done to fulfill his pledge ? 
penn coaxes good supporting performances from much of the rest of his cast , too . 
 ( good call - now we can put all our drooling efforts into only the most deserving of characters ) . 
what starship troopers really is , is a spoof of all that it even remotely touches on - the soap opera like love affairs of high school , the love for sci-fi and thirst for gore shared by this same age group , etc . nothing is taken seriously . 
yes , it's graphic , but it's also brutally phony , and that's what makes it such great fun to watch . 
with the actors resembling ken and barbie so closely , it's a good chance this is the case , whether we're fully aware of it or not . 
aside from the intentionally cheesy gore , the special effects are quite astounding . 
when the spaceship passes a meteor , it's quite an awesome spectacle , visually crisp and captivating . 
a beautiful cast , awesome special effects , fast-paced action , campy acting , and a whole lot of gore . 
add the requisite love interest and a wise-cracking sidekick or two , pep up the soundtrack with a handful of strategically placed show tunes ( an introspective number by a pool or looking in a mirror , a rousing anthem , a cutesy , montage-backed crowd pleaser ) , pose a few threats to our engaging lead , and tie things all up neatly by the closing credits . 
when hordes of huns pour over china's great wall and threaten to overthrow the imperial palace , the emperor decrees that every family in the land dispatch one man to serve in the imperial army . 
agreed , it might be , but is far from being the best vampire flick ever . 
the film refuses to take itself seriously , which is a good thing , as by the time lilith zips up her skin-tight body suit and then unzips it just to show the right amount of cleavage , you've most likely forgotten the main point of the story . 
as much as my criticisms , this movie works best as a guilty pleasure or as a film that you watch with your friends and within groups . 
john cameron mitchell gives a solid , sometimes fun , sometimes angry performance as a person searching for self-enlightenment and love . 
the wit , humor , music and search for identity has great appeal to young adults , but the charismatic presence of mitchell makes this a cut above what it could have been . 
it turns out that this planet is the fountain of youth and the federation and their alien buddies feel that is should be used for the good of everyone and not just a few hundred colonists . 
my minor problems with the movie aside , star trek : insurrection does have an overwhelming number of good points as compared to its bad ones . 
while many of the jokes do miss the mark , many are pretty good , even for non-trekkies . 
the special effects are among the best for the star trek series . 
star trek : insurrection is not the best film in the series , but it is good enough to dispel the long standing tradition of the odd numbered films in the series being far inferior to the even numbered ones . 
in go , she delivers , hands-down , her best performance to date . 
fichtner is a character actor best known for playing backstabbers ( in heat , armageddon , and others ) ; his previously untapped comic abilities shine in go . 
based on the 1934 film death takes a holiday , meet joe black is a well acted romantic drama which explores the meanings of life and love . 
he has built a huge media empire , and raised two beautiful daughters , allison ( marcia gay harden ) and susan ( claire forlani ) . 
and he has good reason to fear , for death himself is stalking him . 
and he's not quite compared for the more complex pleasures when he and susan fall in love . 
she gets to show joe the ropes of love , but is hardly as interesting a character . 
the film has gotten some negative reviews ( a friend of mine actually thinks it's the worst in the series ) , but i'm not really sure why . 
others say the special effects are cheesy and that it's boring . 
that's when captain picard ( patrick stewart ) steps in : he realizes that moving the ba'ku would kill them ( it also helps that he falls in love with a ba'ku woman ( donna murphy ) ) . 
insurrection , however , does a surprisingly good job of us new aspects of the characters . 
frakes showed similar aptitude for direction in first contact ; insurrection is an exciting film , with some really attractive special effects and a lot of good action . 
this is apparently the first star trek film to utilize computer animation , and the result is very pleasing to the eye : particularly in the climactic scenes , in which the son'a employ a giant space ship to suck up the rings of the ba'ku planet , the special effects have a clean , impressively sharp look . 
laughs and agatha christie-intense mystery , then yes , this movie would be a disappointment . 
however , if you're just looking for an enjoyable movie and a good time , this is one to see . 
mary stuart masterson does well in her role as penny ( i'm trying to be unbiased so i won't tell you how amazing she looked ) , although brian benben gets most of the screen time . 
the special effects are amazing , and fooled me ( which some may argue isn't very difficult to do ) in many scenes . 
this film could be good . . . 
tarzan grows up , vowing to be " the best ape ever " , but no matter how hard he tries or what he does ( at the guidance of his hilarious ape friend , terk ) , he just can't convince kerchak that he is one of the apes , even when he defeats sabor in a battle . 
even though tarzan falls in love with jane , this causes things to go wrong . 
the casting is fairly good . 
nicely done ) , and glenn close is wonderful as kala ( she has a beautiful singing voice , too , by the way ) . 
i thought she had the most annoying voice in the whole film ( when i first saw the trailers ) , but when i saw the film , i didn't have a problem with her . 
i almost sung along with her during one of the film's best moments , where the apes make a mess of the human's camp , via song , er , scatting " shoo-be-doo , da-be-dah " . 
i can see why she wanted to have a rock song for the film , she's a good singer . 
i give a nod to disney for following up their spectacular * * * * * masterpiece , mulan , with this great animated adaption of egar rice burrough's tarzan . 
viewers may be growing restless for a while , but trust me if you stick around and keep your head in it , you will have a good time . 
with many big-budget science fiction films , great ideas are often wasted by bad scripts , cheesy plot twists , and , terrible acting . 
the fifth element , the abyss , and godzilla had great concepts squandered by bad acting , writing , or both . 
reeves plays neo , a computer hacker who stumbles into an initially bewildering set of encounters with " trinity " ( carrie-anne moss ) , a rival hacker who has supernatural powers and stunning good looks , a unseen , omniscient cult figure known as " morpheus " ( lawrence fishburne ) , and a trio of creepy men in dark suits who act like irs agents from hell . 
the film features some truly breathtaking special effects and stylish cinematography . 
and i think that " 12 angry men " , " witness for the prosecution " and " paths of glory " would have been better choices for the oscar for the best picture of 1957 . 
critique : a good ol' time at the movies ! 
sobieski is also good , but she isn't in the movie for as long as you'd think , but the man who really takes this film to another level , is steve zahn . 
if you've loved this guy as the " goofball " in most of his previous roles , you'll appreciate him even more here , as the dude who starts off as one of the most manic and excited human beings i've seen in quite some time ( " this is so awesome ! ! " ) , 
once again , kudos to director dahl for being able to generate that type of intensity , suspense and tension , with a great score , editing , style and camerawork . 
a great movie with an even cooler ending , this film will likely be remembered as one of the better thrillers of the year . 
 " this is amazing ! ! ! " 
that he is depicted as a monster creating another monster , much like frankenstein was created , is the argument skewed by the director against his bad science ( science as a business ) as opposed to the good science ( science that cares about the small farmer ) , which is represented by the handsome and almost perfect gentleman , alex vine ( david ) , a young ecologist who chooses to work in the field , trying to get the farmers to go back to organic farming . 
she argues that the artist is the watchdog for the public , questioning what is good or evil in society , something that bad science has completely ignored . 
geoffrey is already suspicious of alex and considers him an enemy , and the marriage seems to be coming apart and all his cunning tricks to possess her are no longer working , as it is now impossible to see any good in him and there becomes no reason why she would remain with him . 
the answers to these questions can best be answered by either good science or art , which are both closely related to the american natives vision of a world entrusted to mankind so that he can respect it and take care of it and enrich it with his creations to benefit mankind in a peaceful way . 
the pain that lillian feels , as she forgets about her desires to raise a family , and she stares at her painting of the cow and the song , " make the world go away " blares out from the background , after she has learned that frances' beautiful and loving dog has been brutalized by her monster of a husband , all in the name of science , had a raw power to it that personalizes the dangers of bad science . 
the same character , the same voices , the same everything from the show and that's what makes it good . 
in my opinion one of the best films of the last few years is istvan szabo's sunshine , a film that covers the fortunes of a jewish hungarian family under the reigns of three different regimes , hungarian aristocrats , nazis , and communists . 
ronald harwood's screenplay ambiguously looks at the investigation of a great classical music conductor who stayed on in germany when the nazis took power and became the most popular conductor of the third reich . 
the way people are killed by the ray guns is great , they is a hillarous ( and mildly disturbing scene ) involving a martian lady , a mad general who just wants to nuke the aliens away , ( and ends up getting squashed by an aliens foot ) and a gory finale involving lots of alien heads exploding . 
they are is a great score by danny elfman , and lots of laughs . 
this has to be the best invasion i've seen for a long time . 
this is a good film without big budget sets , or big name stars pushed into your face . 
my only previous experience with les miserables is with the musical ( as i am sure many others' is ) , and i was dismayed to see eponine , a friend of marius's who selflessly dies in the name of her unspoken love for him , almost completely jettisoned from this adaptation ( the daughter of the thenardiers , here she is only briefly seen as a child ) . 
john carpenter directed this stylish and gory vampire flick to which has it's good side and it's bad . 
it's held up by some good performances and dazzling special effects leading up to an ending that's pretty satisfying . 
the good side : some neat scenes of vampires and violence . 
they have to fight they're way against vampires , leading up to a finale that is well-done with great special effects . 
the make-up , special effects and story are first rate , but there is no scares or terror that the film could have had . 
john carpenter does a great job of directing this film . 
the recently released 'psycho' is the same way , it's not as good as you'd hope but it is fun and entertaining . 
'vampires' is a good horror flick with no scares but plenty of other content to please the viewer . 
the ultimate match up between good and evil , " the untouchables " is an excellent movie because it looks deeper into an already examined rivalry . 
i found this approach to be very clever because in a small duration of time there is a great amount of admiration for ness and an equal amount of hatred for capone . 
each member of this special group also had their own characteristics that separated them from others . 
sean connery , who won an academy award for best supporting actor in his role , plays malone , an aging cop who decides to make one final run as a member of the untouchables . 
although the real life untouchables may have been excessively glorified , this film is pure entertainment and contains a unique blend of great acting , great directing , and great action . 
the best part about the emperor's new groove is how audacious the film is . 
simply put , the emperor's new groove is one of the best children's films out for this holiday season . 
there's no idealist young lawyer ala tom cruise , matthew mcconaughey , chris o'donnell or matt damon , and it doesn't feature a great showdown in a courtroom . 
a great deal of the action takes place in the leafy georgia backwoods , which altman uses to create an acute sense of dread and vulnerability . 
a great deal of the credit for the film's success can be given to the actors , especially branagh , who rarely works outside of period pieces and his own direction . 
the supporting actors also put in fine performances , including embeth davidtz , who is probably best known for her heart-breaking role as the jewish maid in " schindler's list " ( 1993 ) . 
some critics love to stamp films like this as " commercial , " as if altman can only maintain artistic integrity if his films are aimed at a tiny audience and don't make money . 
when mike's best friend and poker buddy worm ( edward norton ) finishes his jail term for hustling some students , he wants to pick up right were they left off , working as a team to part others with their betting cash . 
we're given a nice set of interesting characters with clear motivations , and good actors to play them . 
a good thing about rounders is that it doesn't get bogged down in the character development and statement making so much that it can't find time for humor . 
 " i love the sweetness of this dark maduro wrapper , " says one of the players , clearly more interested in displaying his pretentiousness over the cigar in one hand than in the cards in his other . 
packed with great acting and great characters , rounders is a full house . 
the girl's in love and even total destruction of her little shrine to the human world doesn't deter her . 
you know she's evil because she has a huge potbelly and one of the worst asses in cartoon history . 
it ranks as one of the best disney cartoons , certainly since the '50s . 
review : one memorable aspect of disney's " aladdin " was that it finally gave robin williams a character -- the genie -- to best take advantage of his comic talents . 
all the same , " shrek " does represent murphy's best comic outing in years , and as donkey he steals all the best lines . 
myers is delightful in more of a straight man role , and lithgow also gets some great moments ( watch for a hilarious repartee with the gingerbread man ) . 
 " shrek " takes great pleasure in lampooning fairy tales and nursery rhymes of all sorts , and reserves a few delightful knocks at disney in the bargain . 
but even then , one can always sit back and enjoy the beautiful computer animation , whose remarkable use here represents yet another dazzling leap forward for the technology . 
the acting is pretty good overall . 
the songs are all very good yet twisted in their own way . 
the new special edition contains two original movie trailers of the film as well as two songs deleted from the original version . 
a great deal of " fail-safe " 's plot follows various characters as they attempt to devise ways of stopping the u . s . bombers from reaching russia's borders--at any cost . 
the plot is compelling , and the story creates urgency and dread by painting the grimmest of worst case scenarios . 
yet his answer to the arms race is not to slow down and try to cool the situation off , as general black ( dan o'herlihy ) has often recommended . 
just how will the soviet union's leader react , and what can the president do to convey his best intentions ? 
 ? so what if they are not " great " singers---they ain't singing opera , folks , its pop music ! 
 ? who exactly is a " great " singer ? 
 ? " spice world " certainly isn't a great filmgoing experience . 
 ? each one has their own personality and , perhaps the best part of the film , look like they are having some honest-to-goodness fun , something that can't be said for a lot of people in films today . 
ingredients : london gal , fate , true love , running joke about monty python's spanish inquisition 
sliding doors is a love 'what if' story . 
not only is it a well-acted , heartwarming film , but it's also easily gwyneth paltrow's best recent performance . 
nor does sliding doors go overboard with formulaic true love or other stereotypes . 
 " it's best not to think about it , " she says , trying vainly to change truman's memory . 
at every turn he is stopped by an amazing coincidence that just happens to keep him in his own little town . 
meanwhile , christof , the all-seeing creator of truman's world does his best to keep him unaware and happy . 
the film opens with what sounds like family drama theme music , when truman's world is still beautiful and perfect . 
but neither film really felt like it capitalized on all the great ideas ; neither film " clicked " and became an instant classic . 
well , the movie starts to pick up with him finding a love interest in a 17 year old girl named debbie ( chloe sevigny ) and . . . 
mr . buscemi is off to a good career as a director ! 
critique : very cool ! 
now here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for , if what you're looking for is kickass action , a palpable good cop/bad cop story line , some hardcore stunts and jet li slam-dunking everyone in sight ! 
the film also moves fast ( a mere 95 minutes ) , develops a certain " cute " chemistry between fonda and li , has nice surroundings ( paris , baby ! ) and gives us one of the best bad guys that i've seen all year . 
what a great , great monster ! 
fonda was also pretty good , despite playing one of the most trashy and abused women that i have seen in quite some time , but i still felt kinda bad for her , so i guess she did her job okay . 
it's all straight action , fist to fist , boot to face and all around cool stunts . 
yes , it's not very original in plot ( just take luc besson's own la femme nikita and mix in plenty of his own the professional et voila ! ) , does have an annoying hip-hoppy soundtrack that just got on my nerves after a while ( i also would have gotten rid of the whole acupuncture thang . . . ) and will have anyone not willing to restrain their disbelief , rolling their eyes all over the place . 
drunken master ii shows the full potential of " period piece " kung fu movies , and it's good enough to overcome even my usual distaste for such movies . 
if you like this kind of movie , you'll love this movie , and if not , well , give it a chance anyway . 
van damme and rodman have nice chemistry , the stunts are eyepopping , and stuff gets blowed up real good ; what more do you want ? 
 ( van damme is a good , dextrous athlete and fighter , but he is often upstaged . ) 
also good is dennis rodman , playing a weapons dealer named yaz -- a character who sticks out like a fistful of broken fingers and who is funny just standing there . 
i admit that this issue has become something between tiring and annoying , feeling like eating the same meal over and over again . 
matrix was an entertaining thrill ride through dreams and reality , combining the best of hollywood's action and effects with an intelligent story . 
a beautiful woman ( gretchen mol ) who suddenly appears on the scene may hold the key to the mystery , which might unravel the horrifying truth about his own existence . 
the thirties are different -- colorful , beautiful , elegant , virile . 
a rather unusual thing about'the thirteenth floor' is the almost complete lack of special effects . 
this is off course a major disappointment to the audience that is used to endless gunfights and mutated amphibians , but the more serious science fiction buffs and 'dark city'-fans will be pleased . 
the plot itself is not as original as the filmmakers want us to think , since they have virtually sucked out all information from the best science fiction classics , including blade runner and 'dark city' . 
with this in mind , 'the thirteenth floor' doesn't make an oscar candidate or a film that will be remembered a year from now , yet this is a beautiful , elegant and intelligent take on virtual reality . 
this is a real pity because when you really sit down to watch this film , ignoring all the crap that has preceeded it , it's really quite a film , perhaps the best film by director adrian lyne ( although , really , look at its competition : " flashdance , " " fatal attraction , " and " indecent proposal " ) , at least besides " jacob's ladder . " 
the story itself is a surprisingly heartbreaking one , which is why it's such a good novel , and why this is such a good film . 
the story of a pedophile obsessed with a young 14-year old girl named dolores a . k . a . lolita is great because it's not trash for the perverted but because it's about human obsession with things that are out of one's reach . 
he weeps uncontrollably and never lets himself get over his original 14-year-old love , and allows himself to embody her as lolita . 
this is the second time the novel has been adapted for the screen , the first time being filmed in - shock - 1962 , by stanley kubrick , who couldn't possibly have brought the novel to the screen with as much faithfulness as lyne has been able to do , but did the next best thing : he economized for everything and came up with a droll black comedy about obsession in general . 
however , this film is pretty amazing , mostly because hey , i loved the book , and this film nearly reminded me of it . 
it doesn't have nearly as much wit ( a couple comical scenes , and even a lot of good chuckles , but just not totally witty ) , but it does have the same emotional toll that the novel had . 
jeremy irons , with his deep , soft british voice and gentle look , is an amazing humbert . 
and when he looks at lolita with love , and she looks at him with lust , you know that he's her prisoner for as long as he lives . 
it's annoying to watch a film and play a game where you try to see who could have done the role way better than the one on screen without mentioning the actor who played them first . 
this version is beautiful , and perpetually saddening . 
he doesn't sleep , he doesn't eat , and he gets punched out at work when he sings " love stinks " at a wedding . 
sandler captures the forlorn sleepwalking look of a jilted man , struck with an unattainable love . 
second , their love is mature . 
screenwriter tim herlihy has written for sandler before ( billy madison and happy gilmore ) , and the two make a good combination . 
herlihy knows what sort of jokes sandler is good at and has tailored the script to his straight-faced , smart-aleck style . 
i'm not quite sure how best to go about writing this review . 
in " gattaca " 's series of final shots , the fates of vincent and jerome are superimposed over each other , and the effect is sad , lyrical and beautiful . 
still , the single most surprising aspect of gattaca is its use of backdrop -- it's successful sci-fi without showy special effects , it's a crisp thriller with character-driven thrills , it's a futuristic fable without blood and guts . 
the love for family is one of the strongest driving forces in any man's life , especially for those who have fostered their family under precarious circumstances . 
thematically in cinema , love for family has been used frequently and emphatically to highlight more abstract aspects of characters ; it is rare , however , for it to develop as outstandingly as it does in roberto benigni's neo-classic drama , life is beautiful . 
through a central cast of father , mother , and son , benigni demonstrates the wonderful , undying love that a family shares in the best of times and the worst of times . 
life * is * beautiful for guido orefice ( roberto benigni , directing himself here for the sixth time in his career ) , an italian jew , master con man , and aspiring waiter extraordinaire . 
living in 1930's italy , he lives a carefree life of good fortune ; it is made even better when he happens upon a pretty schoolteacher named dora ( nicoletta braschi ) . 
it is after the movie takes this dramatic turn that the movie's theme of family love becomes the strongest . 
life is beautiful is a self-proclaimed fable , one which tells its story in grand , two-part fashion . 
life is beautiful is an artsy movie by convention but easily accessible to everyone , and above all is a fine thematic picture . 
critique : good little flick that slows down at certain points , and runs a tad long , but generates enough twists and turns to keep most people interested throughout . 
other than that , the acting was good , with campbell transforming her " good girl stereotypical " role into a pot-smoking , goth-looking white trash chick out for a good time . 
saving private ryan has an underlying and practical acceptance that war will occur and it has a great cost ; the thin red line says idealistically avoid this at all costs . 
sean penn , elias koteas , and nick nolte give the best performances . 
john travolta and george clooney are the worst in cameo roles . 
when the millenium falcon moves throughout the stars , we see constellations , meteor showers , and cool space-ships . 
cool . 
determined to make a dent in the space race , he becomes transfixed with his desire to make a rocket that could fly like the best of them . 
if he has any strengths whatsoever , it is an undeterring vision , and a good organizer . 
this is will be one of the great unnoticed performances of the year : note how multi-dimensional his character is . 
and this is the best type of inspirational film ; the one that you take something with you . 
kilmer actually provides a rather good role in this movie , although at times you are left to ponder how he actually gets out of the many tight situations . 
when the two meet , and end up having a sensual experience , kilmer's character is seemingly falling in love with emma russell , as she is falling in love with kilmer's alter-ego , a traveling artist . 
along the way he moves through a good many of the kinds of environments that we are only just now being seen in a more serious light in the movies -- or at all , for that matter : the slums , the missions , the ghetto . 
ssbas first appeared in 1971 and was promptly rated x ( " by an all-white jury " , as director melvin van peebles crowed in his legendary ad campaigns ) , and it's hardly surprising why . 
there's a good deal of sex in the movie , but it's handled in a way that's unsettlingly frank -- a frankness that spills over into the rest of the movie . 
of the countless horror films that have competed for a piece of the " scream " audience , " final destination " is the best so far . 
 " good will hunting " is about one of those people . 
i'm not saying " good will hunting " is a bad film at all . 
it's a very enjoyable film with tons of great moments , and lots of great things about it . 
the acting is amazing , with two oscar-nomination-worthy performances from damon and williams , who have amazing chemistry together . 
we also get some great support from stellan skarsg ? rd ( great name ) , ben affleck , and from minnie driver , who plays will's love interest , skylar . 
there are scenes between them which are just amazing to watch . 
also , will's relationship with his best friend , chuckie ( affleck ) , has a nice climax , but not enough rising action . 
their relationship never goes beyond " just best friends , " and his decision just seems to be a generalization of any two best friends instead of something more . . . human . 
i think that they should get a nomination for their script chiefly because of the dialogue , which is amazing . 
while this is probably director gus van sant's most conservative film ( you'd hardly know it's the same director of " to die for , " the only van sant film i've seen , really ) , it's still a pretty remarkable film , albeit a tad overrated ( what's this " best picture " deal ? ) . 
 " how do you know when you're finished making love ? " 
jackson pollock's " making love " quote is famous , but in practically the same breath , he said a more constructive thing , " it's like looking at a bed of flowers--tear your hair out over what it means . " 
a brief introduction to pollock's raging drunk side segues into his getting accosted by a fellow new york artist , lee krasner ( marcia gay harden , awarded a best supporting actress oscar for this brilliant portrayal ) , who works from the outside-in , pre-intellectualizing every stroke of her brush . 
i love jackson pollock's stuff and i am enamoured of harris' _pollock_ as well . 
many scenes appear staged , and a great deal of cutting-and-pasting has been done in the editing room . 
director douglas keeve ( who was mizrahi's lover at the time ) freely admits that he " couldn't care less about the truth " but was more interested in capturing " the spirit and love in isaac and in fashion . " 
when the designer declares that " everything is frustrating except designing clothes -- that's beautiful and liberating , " it fits perfectly with the image of him that unzipped has constructed . 
life is beautiful is a rare treat : a lighthearted comedy that tackles a very serious subject without committing the sins of being disrespectful , or , even worse , humorless . 
life is beautiful opens as a sweet romantic comedy , with the clownish , but good natured guido ( roberto benigni ) arriving in a rustic italian town to work as a waiter for his uncle . 
as you can tell from the description , life is beautiful has two very different tones , but manages to excel at both of them . 
roberto benigni's work here has been compared with some of the best of chaplin's , and it is easy to see why . 
life is beautiful treads a thin line when it turns its attentions to the holocaust . 
with life is beautiful , benigni has created a triumphant , but bittersweet comedy . 
watching it is like trailing your fingertips in a stream on a cool spring day . 
learning tricky techniques to deceive innocent people into buying shares of a good in production , seth figures this is too good to be true . 
after stumbling into a room at the wrong time , he knows there is something no good about this company . 
ben affleck shines in a short but sweet performance as a recruiter for the company , nicky katt is fabulous as the ostensibly friendly boss who eventually becomes extremely jealous of seth , and vin diesel gives his best performance of his career as the foil character of nicky katt . 
parker and the vicious circle ( which , despite its uncomfortable tone , was close to being a conventional movie ) , director alan rudolph has returned to his unique brand of film making with afterglow , a romantic black comedy about love , betrayal , and self-absorption . 
it is said that rudolph is a polarizing director ? meaning that most viewers either love his work or hate it . 
after he refuses to make love , she decides to find someone else to play the role of sperm donor . 
the romantic couplings of the characters are interesting in that they illustrate the multiple faces of love . 
ultimately , none of these characters appears to love anyone else as much as they love themselves . 
rudolph has painted an able picture of the non-romantic side of love -- the one that has more to do with tolerance and familiarity than with affection and attraction . 
powell's " love " and " hate " knuckle tattoos obviously influenced spike lee in do the right thing ( remember radio raheem ? ) . 
screenwriter and legendary film critic james agee does a beautiful job giving shape and substance to an array of supporting characters : the drunk birdie ( james gleason ) who's haunted by his wife , and the spoons ( evelyn varden and walt spoon ) whose marriage has become a verbal vaudeville act . 
the highlights included the legendary laughton ( who sounds eerily like mr . pitt from seinfeld ) running winters' lines with mitchum , and the adorable , tiny bruce having trouble descending a coal pile . 
perhaps the best way to describe it is this : " amistad " is three four star films edited into one . 
however , i can't honestly say how it could have been done differently , and in any case the story comes through with enough raw emotional power that it is still a very good film , and thus i recommend it to anyone who can handle the disturbing imagery . 
driving miss daisy is a movie about human nature , aging , prejudice , and a great many other things , but more than anything it's about a relationship : one that spans 25 years , 4 cars , the advent of civil rights , and one gravely important 33 cent can of salmon . 
drama seems to agree with aykroyd ; taking a break from comedy seems like a good move for the actor , especially when you consider the wretched comedies he has made recently ( ghostbusters ii , the great outdoors , my stepmother is an alien ) . 
the only other significant characters in the film are daisy's housekeeper , idella , marvelously played by esther rolle ( " good times " ) , and boolie's pretentious wife , played by patti lupone . 
instead , it is a picture that simply observes its characters in every day life , and the surprises come from little character details . the film is quite talky and slow moving , and so it is pretty safe to say it isn't for those who are only a fan of action movies , but is a treat for those viewers who often like to venture outside of the big-budget genre and see a good art film . 
once the adjustment is made , however , there are great rewards . 
much has been made of brenda blethyn's performance , and rightly so , but it is only when you remind yourself that you are watching a fiction that you realize how good she is . 
a combination of dazzling special effects , brilliantly coordinated action sequences and an intelligent and sophisticated plot , made " the matrix " a rare and entertaining science fiction experience , with some dark and frightening ideas hidden under its sparkling facade . 
probably the best written character in the story is a game designer , who would rather spend the rest of her life in a virtual world , than face real life . 
this is a great possibility to create a magnificent character , and jennifer jason leigh stretches cronenberg's script to the limits , but fails because the advantages of virtual reality in comparison to the real world are never shown . 
it is impossible for cronenbergto create a beautiful world where time , space and problems of our everyday life do not exist ; a place of blooming blossoms , green forests and clear waters ; a place really worth sacrificing your life for . 
they are all in a sauna , talking about their best " lay " , when jason patric's character makes a surprising confession . 
well , in the first one , we'd go into a film thinking it's going to be dumb or it's going to be good , and that would affect our viewing ( that movie sounds and looks dumb , so i'm not expecting much ) . 
on the second hand , we're simply assuming it will be bad or good because of a personal " grudge " against the film company ( it's made by disney ? 
can't be that good ) . 
a good critic should be able to view the film from the " average joe ( or jane ) " viewpoint , while still taking into account the artistic integrity behind the film . 
fonda does the best she can with an essentially thin role , but there's nothing more to her , and therefore , she becomes a tossable addition to an otherwise flourishing bouquet of characters . 
jackson teams up with tarantino again , but the chemical reaction isn't as awesome as the first time . 
and although jackson is really , really good in jackie brown , i don't think he's quite as irreplaceable . 
it's good , but it isn't anything that made pulp fiction such a revolutionary effort in the first place . 
out of four film adaptations in as many years , the witty and inventive out of sight gives get shorty a run for its money as the best leonard adaptation around . 
he plots an escape with the help of his best friend , and fellow robber , buddy bragg ( ving rhames ) , and their slow-witted pothead associate , glenn michaels ( steve zahn ) . 
but , can love prosper on opposite sides of the law ? 
clooney , who has had a string of solid , but never stellar , film roles , delivers his best performance to date . 
he blends into his role here perfectly as the risk taking jack foley , who's willing to gamble everything on the chance that karen sisco might be his true love . 
she and clooney develop good chemistry together . 
albert brooks is enjoyable as a white collar criminal who talks too much for his own good . 
with an affectation for freeze frames , he delivers a unique take on the film's action and love scenes that places out of sight a notch above routine crime films . 
with smart dialogue , good characters , and an excellent cast , out of sight easily smoothes over the rough spots in the plot and delivers on both the action and romantic fronts . 
there are some great voice over commentaries from hollywood's most famous celebrities , some fabulous animation and a compelling story . 
this is the best we've seen from disney since " beauty and the beast " ( 1996 ) . 
it is its heart and emotions -- the story about the meaning of friendship , love and even life itself . 
unexpected because the first film wasn't much more than a demonstration of special effects . 
whether this is the best animated film of the year , i dare not say . 
as the final scene closed out in happy slow-mo fashion , i felt happy to have been priveleged enough to watch such a good display of filmmaking . 
he funds this aquarium with the help of millionare herman blume ( a very oscarworthy bill murray ) , who eventually finds himself falling in love with miss cross . 
but eventually max realizes he is too young for miss cross , and he can't stand in the way of two people in love . 
it maybe wasn't best picture material , but it certainly deserved a screenplay nod ( instead of elizabeth ) , and bill murray's absense from the ballot is a complete snub . 
the entire mood of the film is one reason it is so good ; at one point it's fun , and the next scene can turn serious and dramatic . 
he has spent his entire life in an awful little apartment , raised and cared for and imprisoned by his domineering mother . 
she inspires his love and his fear , and instills in him a similar love and fear of jesus . 
he is the premise for bad boy bubby , a defiantly original australian movie about a man called bubby ( nicholas hope ) who has spent his entire life in an awful little apartment , etc . , etc . then one day his father ( ralph cotterill ) appears . 
so far , so good . 
the movie is at its best when its stays within the constraints of bubby's hermetic two-room universe . 
the scenes which try to touch base with a believable version of reality are the weakest ; the film is best understood as a kind of parable , and , indeed , the religious implications of bubby's experiences are foregrounded : icons of jesus on the cross hang from the mother's walls , bubby dons a priest's collar stolen from his father , a church organ-playing atheist lectures him on the necessity of unbelief , the woman who redeems him is named angel . 
the screenplay covers a lot of ground and does yeoman's work in providing a great deal of detailed history while trying to do justice to the story of lumumba's life . 
it concentrates on the good deeds of the man , if a bit as a stalwart saint , but doesn't embellish on a larger than life persona . 
the actor gives a convincing , charismatic performance as the multifaceted , politically deft patrice lumumba who has the good of his people and his country as the force driving his own ambitions . 
in true docudrama tradition , the supporting cast does not outshine the star , complementing his good efforts , instead . 
ingredients : starving artist lusting after a beautiful woman from his childhood 
synopsis : great expectations ( 1998 ) is a modernized version of a charles dickens novel . 
pip leaves for london with " great expectations " to be groomed into a gentleman so that he can one day be classy enough to marry estella . 
in this new 1998 version of great expectations a poor florida lad named finn ( ethan hawke ) with a talent for drawing has an early memory of helping an escaped convict ( robert de niro ) . 
finn leaves florida with " great expectations " to be a successful artist so that some day he might become classy enough to marry the snobbish estella . 
what will happen to all of finn's " great expectations ? " 
now in great expectations he gets to chase gwyneth paltrow , a rail-thin blonde . ) 
meanwhile paltrow portrays estella as alternating between infuriating tease and ice princess ; estella's whole purpose is to get men to fall in love and then hurt them rather than become intimate . 
the difference between the classic dickens novel and this 1998 adaptation is that the dickens novel is ripe with deep and timeless themes about class struggle and love , whereas great expectations ( 1998 ) is more artsy , less complicated story about a 1990s artist dealing with a lifetime tease . 
eventually marie does begin dating vincent , but she discusses him with jean and even smiles at jean , hidden behind a bedroom curtain , when she makes love to vincent . 
there's good news and bad news about mulan . 
but mulan is a step in the right direction and disney's best animated feature since the lion king . 
voiced by eddie murphy , mushu continues the tradition of cute talking animal sidekicks who do more slapstick harm than good for their human charges . 
the best of the bunch , sad to say , is " be a man , " the requisite basic training montage song . 
the deception fools everyone but the audience , who thinks she might be able to pass for a 12-year-old boy , at best . 
otherwise , mulan is a good movie . 
the animation of the characters themselves isn't as rich as it could and should be , but there are some amazing battlefield shots . 
eddie murphy pulls off some good one-liners , as do other star voices like harvey fierstein and pat morita , the quintessential asian movie star . 
 " good . " 
 " it's not good to know too much about someone , charlie , " charles warns his niece , charlie ( margaret welsh ) , with a devilish grin . 
karen arthur's direction is certainly no match for the great master , but on an absolute scale , the movie maintains a high level of suspense . 
he showers them with elaborate gifts to buy the love they had already given him anyway . 
they are both wonderful , but for all of hanks' glorious work in serious films , such as his magnificent performance in saving private ryan , and his glorious triumph in philadelphia , i like him best when he's suitably obnoxious . 
she's had a handful of memorable performances , including the great scene in the diner in when harry met sally ( i must not mention what she does , due to the , well , um , you get the idea , and if you don't , get the movie-- fantastic ) . 
but , i like her best when she's , well , perky . 
she is so adorably perky/cute that together with hanks , they are the most amazing onscreen duo in my short lifetime . 
she is successful , beautiful , and dates a well-known columnist with very radical idea ( kinnear ) . 
it also has the great sense of being a classic romance : there is no " let's have sex tonight " mantra , if you'll excuse my bluntness . 
this is a solid romance built around that vague concept of love . 
thankfully , ephron has a wonderful supporting cast with posey , kinnear , chappelle , and a host of others , including a great scene involving brothers , aunts , and two sweet kids . 
it's all cute and wonderful , and for all of the idealism , it makes me feel good . 
the script helps with some great lines that are absolutely hilarious , and that always come at the exact right time to keep the audience awake . 
i always thought films that made you think enlightened you and made you see something from another viewpoint , and that films that entertained you were good , because you forgot about your troubles and thought about something nice for a night . 
hanks was the driving force behind one of the year's best films in saving private ryan , which is one of those thinking films that truly made someone wonder about the world . 
he's also half of the glue behind the year's best example of pure entertainment . 
the performances by everyone in the town are great , particularly the two leads . 
i feel no hesitation in saying that " there's something about mary " is the best film that i will see all year . 
it is that good of a film . 
how could you possibly know that a film is so great that nothing you could possibly see in the future could beat it ? 
once in a ( very great ) while , a film comes along that is so daring , so brilliant and simply so enjoyable that at the end , you just want to stand up and cheer . 
and you know , at that instant , that you have just experienced something very special . 
as good as the actors are , though , it's the directors' movie all the way . 
and yes , that is a great film worthy of the recognition it has been getting . 
but which is harder ; making a great war film or having your audience laugh so hard that they can't breath for minutes at a time ? 
i realize that this is going to sound pretty bizarre , but it's probably the best analogy that i can come up with right now ; you know how when you see a spider or something in your toilet , striving helplessly to get out , and instead of just flushing him , you end up kind of rooting for the little guy ? 
i mean , it's not very good , but it's not completely bad either . 
making the best of her situation , josie stays there and begins making the rounds at the local bars . 
if you're looking for good ol' dumb suspense movie , you can't do much better than this . 
for one thing , it resorts to the tired movie clich * that two attractive people will immediately fall in love as soon as they appear on the screen together , as there does not seem to be any other reason for their instant mutual attraction . 
other footage shows backstage foolishness , and amazing clay animation by bruce bickford . 
the animation , while not up to disney standards ( what could be , after " tarzan " ? ) , is good enough to make you forget you're watching a cartoon . 
pierce is terrific as the troubled leonard ; moss shows great range as enigmatic natalie ; and pantoliano's teddy achieves a splendidly affable yet sinister quality . 
 " memento " may be the year's best screenplay , and is certainly amongst the top theatrical attractions of 2001 . 
more and more , filmmakers seem to be putting out well rehearsed , melodramatic films that evoke strong connotations of being a great film , but if you step aside and reflect on your movie going experience , you may just discover nothing more than elegantly presented fluff . 
the predictable ending that shattered our hopes ( even though we saw it coming ) only added to the disappointment . 
he begins following and observing maggie , falling more and more in love with her everyday . 
filmmakers should know your final impression will be the one you linger on , remember , and convey to others thru word of mouth , so after telling us for 60+ minutes that this film is a glorious masterpiece , they sure leave us with a disheartening taste of mediocrity in our mouths . 
nonetheless , city of angels is beautifully captivating , which is probably enough to satisfy those poetic viewers who will appreciate a delve into rich emotional territories . 
both of them create a sort of emotional connection with each other , seeking comfort with the other person , but while pat starts to form a deep love for her , judith only wants to remain friends . 
an older woman comes over to her , mentions that that is a great book she is reading , and then goes over to join her own friends . 
and as , " living out loud , " which is one of the best films of the year , proves , sometimes a friendship is the strongest bond anyone could possibly ask for . 
amazing what you can buy at those collector's shops for a few hundred dollars , isn't it ? 
he was great ! 
the last great leap in robotic evolution is the addition of emotions , and with the number of births limited by the government , many couples are yearning for children . 
a robotic boy named david ( haley joel osment ) , who is programmed to love . 
david , highly influenced by the fairy tale , pinocchio , feels that if he becomes a real boy he can rekindle monica's love for him . 
is really a showcase for the acting talents of the amazing young osment . 
he shines when with monica , beaming with love , as eager as a puppy to please . 
it=92s one of the best filmed representations of a man=92s world falling apart that i=92ve seen . 
mullen=92s wife ( rene russo ) has several good moments , but occasionally just seems to be there . 
the director hints for possible solutions , using a multi-line plot , so popular with critics in mystery train , and used to good advantage by quentin tarantino in pulp fiction . 
while the comedy centered on goodman , and the drama on the teens , there was a great deal of overlap . 
so again i would like to recommend matinee to anybody looking for a good , humorous story . 
anney meets and weds lyle , a kind man and good stepfather whom gives bone a baby sister before dying in an automobile accident . 
of the supporting cast , special note must be made of the criminally underrated michael rooker's performance . 
huston's direction of the film is surehanded and impressive , giving the film good pacing and eliciting good performances from her cast , particularly the young malone . 
ethan coen is not just good at directing actors , he's also good at technical directing . 
he and cinematographr roger deakins created a beautiful world on film . 
perhaps " beautiful " is the wrong word ; nihilists , carpet-pissers and thugs are not objects of beauty . 
all around , the big lebowski is great , solid comedy . 
outstanding acting , writing , direction and photography all combine to make this a great comic success . 
he demonstrates an amazing amount of self-composure as well as an ability to play nuances in a complex character as if he were a seasoned pro . 
in one of the film's best sequences , princess caraboo is the guest of honor at a party hosted by the prince regent ( a wonderfully foppish turn by comic john sessions ) , and the lords and ladies end up following her around in a thoroughly silly native dance . 
only john lithgow is a disappointment , turning in a limp performance as a scholar who attempts to verify the princess's identity . 
the dude is played by jeff bridges -- one of hollywood's most underrated actors -- in the best stoned performance since sean penn stumbled through the halls of ridgemont high . 
by the time all is said and done , walter has become deeply involved , as has the big lebowski's daughter , maude ( julianne moore ) , a feminist performance artist , a pornographer named jackie treehorn ( ben gazzara ) , and a group of german nihilists led by peter stormare , who was so great as the silent but deadly kidnaper in " fargo . " 
bunny is sent to county cork to " retrieve " one frank grogan for an irish gangster called tom french ( well dressed like all good gangsters should be and menacingly portrayed by tony doyle ) . 
although i will preface this by saying that one thing that would definitely enhance your appreciation for this film is your own love ( or past love ) of heavy metal music and the whole scene around it . 
aniston was also surprisingly good as the girlfriend ( and the romance angle between them was sweet ) , but she didn't pull me in hard enough during their emotional scenes . 
jennifer love hewitt returns as julie james , a survivor of the serial killer that attempted to kill her and her friends a year before . 
she know attends college , and is best friends with a funny , outgoing girl named karla ( brandy ) , who is trying to hook julie up with will benson , played by newcomer matthew settle . 
jennifer love hewitt and brandy turn in respectable performances . 
you could tell he was acting , and its reasons like him that this one isn't as good as the first one . 
he does do a good job towards the end , but that doesn't clear up the scars he already left on the film . 
the plot of i still know turns out to be a pretty good one at the end of the movie . 
the sound is pretty good , but still not as creepy as the first film's . 
jennifer love hewitt's song , " how do i deal " is also played for about thirty seconds . 
the bottom line- not a disappointment , but a third in the series would be out of hand . 
yes . this star wars prequel may be the worst of the bunch , with amateurish dialogue and an overall lack of humanity . 
the tremendous action sequences will have you clinging to your arm rest , and the special effects are nothing short of the best ( and most plentiful ) to ever be caught on film . 
yes , he is initially annoying , but i can admit to laughing over some of his harmless , goofy antics . 
 " antz " is still the more witty film , and i love it for it , and " a bug's life " is more for general consumption , but it's also more entertaining . 
the visuals are , instead of earth tones , bright worldly colors , and still gives the amazing visual technology of " antz " at least a worthy contender . 
yet " a bug's life , " as well as " antz , " are still amazing films , and prove without doubt , that if you're gonna make a computer animated film , send it to the guys who created these three flicks , evne if they're not working under the same roof . 
roberts is terrific as the astonishingly beautiful actress , and grant is surprisingly good as the straightforward guy still trying to get a hold of what has actually happened with this girl . 
in short , a sweet romantic comedy that has a lot of good laughs , particularly provided by spike . 
in an attempt to turn on a woman , he shows the front of the shirt , which says : " you are the most beautiful woman in the world . " 
sevigny and beckinsale play disco chicks alice and charlotte , who are on the lookout for love . 
for example , there's a great discussion about lady & the tramp by the main characters . 
the disco tunes playing in the background also make sure that this admittedly long film is good fun . 
the direction is good , bringing out the drama and comedy in the scenes . 
these two spend most of the film in a drug-induced stupor , having strange hallucinations , trashing their hotel rooms , and either annoying or scaring almost everyone that crosses their path . 
thankfully , the script delivers it before too long , as duke , in a rare moment of lucidity , stops to recall how he was once an enthusiastic hippie , " riding the wave " of something that seemed special and important . 
eugene , thus , is loathed and feared by his co-workers , who do their best to stay out of his way . 
yet , beyond his annoying mannerisms , he's a lovable oaf . 
the remainder of the film consists of elliot's various fantasies that incorporate his personal desire to have enormous amounts of wealth , power , fame and allison's love . 
a lot of the credit goes to fraser who turns in a great comic performance . 
it's clear that she's having a good time with it all . 
yet , while the filmmakers work hard at creating funny scenes , they conspicuously avoid developing the allegorical underpinnings between good and evil that could have added more heft to this story . 
admittedly , there isn't an annoying character like chris tucker from the other film , but this film does run a little too long , and did lose me in regards to its complex time-travel / multi-dimensional story line . 
having said that , the special effects in this movie were amazing , and the overall look and feel were also way above average . 
on the slick side , many of the special effects are really cool ( the sequence in which the family is " paralyzed " during the hyper-drive is awesome , and the animated monkey that joins the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit presentation at the end of the film is slamming , and the adventures that they fall into are somewhat thrilling ( i will also admit that " somehow " they got me to semi-tear up near the conclusion of this picture . . . . very 
overall , if you're a big sci-fi fan , check this movie out for the special effects and challenging narrative , and if you're not , i would still suggest seeing this movie , but then you could probably wait until it comes out on video so that you forward past some of the boring parts . 
stories have been replaced with special effects ; character development gets overshadowed by bad dialogue ; plotting consists of a bunch of shit getting blown up . 
the previews were so annoying that i predicted this was going to be the worst film of the year , or at least in the running . 
it isn't too wise either to market the film using the movie's stupidest lines ( " beam me up scotty " - yeah , that sure is great writing . . . ) . 
i mean , let's face it ; armageddon's previews rival the truman show's as being some of the worst of the year . 
he kind of reminded me of ed harris in apollo 13 , only without the intensity and great lines to deliver . 
then on the flip side of the coin is the tired , contrived character of harry stamper ( bruce willis , who does the whole movie employing with annoying accent i can't quite place ) , the leader of the pack as well as liv tyler and ben affleck as the token lovers you must have in any summer movie . 
but naturally , all this sappiness , melodrama and special effects accumulate to one bitchin' time at the movies . 
he catches up with his old-self and follows the pack like the good ole days , bringing his wife-to-be melissa ( jamie gertz ) along , a city-bred woman toting around with a handphone . 
watch it in a good theatre . . . please . 
 * * * pretty good , bring a friend . 
 * * * * amazing , potent stuff . 
true , these are two people seeking true love , but you've got mail is more comic and less poignant than its predecessor . 
a nice , romantic soundtrack adds to this date-night special . 
because his change of heart ( bartleby is initially the good cop to loki's bad ) drives the climax , said rant is given a great deal of screen time . 
dogma pays welcome homage to an eclectic batch of movies , including indiana jones and the last crusade , with silent bob doing his best harrison ford , and weird science-a shit demon attacks our heroes ! 
worst of all was the month after her freedom , when she was allowed to live like a free person , working with other blacks on a farm , and then seeing that her old plantation owners have arrived to presumedly take her and her children back . 
it's been well over a decade since her last major performance in " the color purple , " but judging from these two films , i'll bet she's one of the best actresses working today . . . if 
her talk show , which i suppose is a great entity , has prevented her from becoming a noteworthy actress , and that's a shame because she brings so much to this movie . 
watching the strong sethe , who's so afraid of the past that she's built a rather strong protective coating around herself , break down when she discovers who beloved really is is what makes this movie really great . 
in fact , i'd wager to say that the fact that it's confusing and painful to watch is what prevents this from being the truly great film it is . 
the acting , not only from winfrey , is amazing , and i anticipate not only she will get an oscar nomination . 
it's not that newton isn't great : she's as annoying and wacky as the role demands . 
unfortunately , this film is a little too intense for viewers , even for me , and i can stand almost anything ( i recently viewed the 2 1/2 hour long epic " caligula , " the worst film i have ever seen in my life , and did it in a mere 2 sittings ) . 
little time is wasted in getting to know the key players so the screenplay capitalizes on those things we liked best in " rush hour . " 
his moves look every bit as good as they ever did as he fights four or five nemesis at once on bamboo scaffolding , on the tail end of a yacht , in a hong kong massage parlor and , for the finale , in a las vegas casino . 
it takes the best of the first film and kicks jurassic dino butt in its fun , frolic and fast pace and is the best mainstream thing out , so far , this summer . 
the good balances the bad . 
as i said , this has a great ending and no one should spoil it . 
a great villain manages to make you either root for him or feel compelled to listen to his ramblings regardless of whether you agree with him or not . 
useless trivia--co-stars in 1995's " se7en " , brad pitt and kevin spacey also competed for the 1995 best supporting actor oscar--pitt in " 12 monkeys " , spacey in " the usual suspects " ( for which he won ) . 
after all , it's brought to us by one of the best known satire writing/directing teams . 
what you can complain about is the absolutely annoying johnny , played by stephen stucker . 
i don't know why he was put in there , and i don't think anybody will find a good excuse . 
it would be a good choice to pop in the vcr with a group of friends , especially if they haven't seen it . 
the movie itself is rated r - and for good reason . 
and the light ain't good in there . 
but i was in for a shock , the borrowers is actually a thoroughly delightful movie with plenty of good laughs and even some decent special effects . 
based on an original story , the screenwriters did a good job at imagining all the potential and unusual perils that could exist for a 4-inch tall person . 
with a nearly seamless mix of oversized sets , bluescreen shots and cgi , the special effects in the borrowers are very well done . 
as feel-good formulaic as it may be in its own way , shall we dance ? 
this japanese import tells the story of a middle-aged accountant named sugiyama ( koji yakusho ) whose mundane life is shaken up one night when he spots beautiful mai kishikawa ( tamiyo kusakari ) in the window of a dance school . 
walking in with relatively low expectations , i thought this movie was actually pretty good . 
the computer special effects makes for some brilliant scenes , such as unnerving moments involving flesh-eating scarab beetles and moments where the mummy goes after the people who freed him ( after all , those who took his artifacts are cursed ) . 
while a lot of theatres have good sound systems , my ears were almost ringing as i walked out of the theatre ( the sound is particularly irritating and will make you crap your pants if you're not careful ) . 
slow is the best description for the film at first . 
you get the feeling there is open communication and unconditional love amongst the foursome . 
most films that broach the topic of death utilize annoying melodrama , speeches , and conciliatory issues to get the waterworks flowing . 
no , it is not a bad film , in fact it is so good in achieving its purpose , i actually wished for the film to end itself quickly . 
other songs you'll find yourself humming include `when i was on top of you' ( a love ballad ) , `the trapper's song' ( the villains leit motif ) , and `hang the bastard' ( the rousing finale ) . 
the videocassette includes an intro by the beautiful jane jensen and an interview segment with lloyd kaufman , discussing his admiration for parker and stone and the fact that they had been hired for a zucker brothers film ( which turned out to be the hilarious baseketball ) . 
probably one of the best dvd packages of the year ( and potentially of all time ) , cannibal ! 
the first thing i must note is , the transfer is about as beautiful as any i've ever seen on any disc . 
it's good to see this film finally get the treatment it deserves . 
is based on a rather unsavory series of trading cards released by topps in the 1950s , and it takes its cues from the same sources as this summer's independence day -- old alien invasion flicks , disaster movies , and big-budget special effects extravaganzas . 
it's a good thing that the most compelling personality in the movie belongs to the aliens , because burton's just not interested in making more than caricatures out of his human stars . 
also on hand and underutilized are annette bening , pierce brosnan , pam grier , lukas haas and natalie portman ( the latter two also show up in woody allen's everyone says i love you ) . 
parents are urged to pay special attention to the pg-13 rating -- it's earned . 
the special effects vary from charming to astonishing to deliciously cheesy , and at least a couple of shots of mass destruction seem to have been engineered specifically in response to independence day , although mars attacks ! 
the victims of his invasion are naive , greedy , or disastrously self-absorbed -- and a good thing , too , since the movie's wicked charm is dependent on our ability to take this invasion partly as a wish-fulfillment fantasy . 
_election , a good film , does not live up to its hype . 
there's a lot to like in _election_ , but the plot similarities to _rushmore_ , and the tonal nosedive it takes as it gets explicitly sex-driven , mark this as a disappointment . 
the power that he has in forcing the viewer to determine who the good guys and bad guys are once the film is over , without giving a right answer , is unique and ingenious . 
it's a good film , and there's a lot to like about it , but it's not without its problems . 
it's an old story , you know -- forbidden love ala romeo and juliet -- but it works , and jack's " rescuing " rose ( in both literal and figurative senses ) and teaching her to live life for what counts was pointed and touching . 
would someone talk like this : " do ya love the guy or what ? " . 
i haven't even mentioned james horner's beautiful score . 
last question ; is it , as some suggest , one of the best films of all-time ? 
to lang's credit , even if this film failed to be a masterpiece because of the interference , it still did not let the good citizens off the moral hook . 
lemmon is at his best as the anxiety ridden felix , but it's matthau who shines brightest as oscar , whose world is being invaded and rearranged , mostly against his wishes ( the type of character i always enjoy identifying with ) . 
the best thing about the film ( and this is a testament to the quality of the writing ) is that it's a comedy with substance . 
when they clash , it isn't cartoonish hatred being displayed , but genuine frustration with the fact that they are such good friends but just cannot manage to co-exist . 
it's one of the best comedies of all time and easily earns its spot in my top ten favorite films . 
the film is based upon the comic book series " the flaming carrot " by bob burden , in which 3 wanna be super heroes try and fight crime , only to be out done by the real hero of champion city , captain amazing ( greg kinnear ) . 
things go a little haywire , when the sinister casanova frankenstein ( geoffrey rush ) is released into the city , where he captures captain amazing , and plans to wreak havoc upon champion city . 
travolta was at his pinnacle as a sexual icon , cool , but non-threatening . 
it's nostalgic to recall how good a dancer travolta was , and it's sad to think of what could have been had not a few missteps sidetracked his career . 
a good example is gregory hines , one of the greatest dancers in the world . 
ford does not have a lot of lines here , so it is stuart and twohy's script and davis's outstanding direction that make the film as great as it is . 
at one point they run into each other and a great chase ensues , but richard is just too smart for them . 
there is a great sense of comradeship between gerard and his two closest deputies cosmo renfo ( pantoliano ) and biggs ( roebuck ) . 
it's not the plot is that makes " the fugitive " great , it's all the motions the characters go through to make for an intriguing story . 
the cast has a great deal of fun with the bounteous material they're given . 
without a doubt , " the big lebowski " is the best film so far this year . 
he meets pierce brosnan's character , mr . o'brady ( or just brady ) , because he falls in love with the beautiful daughter . 
the movie was very good , it not fantastic . 
once at calais , the fingernail meets jacqueline ( dany robin ) and they fall in love instantly . 
jacqueline is imprisoned in the bastille and camembert , his love desiree dubarry ( joan sims ) , and bidet all travel to london in pursuit of the fingernail . 
desiree finds out that ffing is the fingernail by wearing the locket around her neck , but she ends up falling in love with him . 
a more complex story than most carry ons , this film enjoys good production values ( sets , costumes ) and an on-form cast . 
definitely one of the best of the series and a joy to watch . 
after a few disastrous " mating " attempts , he figures his best bet will be susan ( annette bening ) , a former alcoholic who eventually tells harold that she won't have sex again until she gets married . 
does a fine job keeping up with shandling and makes a good catalyst for his brand of humor . 
good lord , there should be some sort of law stating that no woman can be that sexy . 
also included on the disc as extras : a decent making-of featurette , an isolated score track , talent files for the cast and crew , and the film's original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for wolf , men in black , bugsy and as good as it gets ) . 
how great could the music for a silly little comedy be for it to get it's own isolated track ? 
this fine dvd is certainly a great way to see it . 
the good guys and the bad guys are clear , the humor is straightforward , and the storyline is as uncomplicated as it gets . 
it's the perfect setup for a relaxing , hilarious good time , and as much as i hate to admit it , i liked the fact that i didn't have to think all that much while watching this film . 
darryl thinks he's got the best life in the world - he tells his family that living next to power lines is a constant reminder of the success of mankind , he asks who would ever want to go out and eat in a fancy restaurant when he's got the meat loaf feast prepared by his wife sal ( anne tenny ) , and he swells with pride when his son dale ( stephen curry ) digs a hole in the yard . 
the great thing about the kerrigans is that they aren't so stupid that they get annoying . 
often the jekyll and hyde archetypes are viewed as splitting a whole person into components of good and evil or perhaps cerebral and emotional parts . 
here the doctor is intellectual and perhaps good , but certainly powerless . 
when we finally see the transformation , the special effects thrust the story into the realm of science fiction , not the psychological horror that the tale demands . 
life and color maybe , but this is not close's best role . 
a beautiful film in its own dreary way . 
richard gere can be a commanding actor , but he's not always in great films . 
what they have ignored is actually a great picture . 
the latter is played with abandon , conviction and sensitivity all at once by courtney love , who is the real star of the show and really snubbed of an academy award best actress nomination , if not of the award itself . 
the relationship between harrelson and love brings out another great paradox - superficially they are immoral outcasts who've had it coming ; woody gets shot and becomes paralysed from the waist down , and courtney dies of aids . 
but in the powerful love they have for each other , each standing by the other in turn , the two leads highlight the question how much is the nihilist still a moralist and ( in the american context ) a christian , if they can love and care , and feel just like anyone else on a personal level . 
to go beyond good and evil . 
this is a great picture , no doubt , and i love it personally . 
there is no sadness , no fear , no danger , no discomfort , no love , and no hate . 
besides a hidden symbolic depth and themes that go beyond what we can absorb from previews , this film has elements of physical wonder and strength that make it just so great to watch . 
and , as said earlier , not to flip the town around into some corrupt society , but rather to give people the choice to decide between good and bad and to reap the results of their decisions and learn from them . 
until the next great movie i see , i remain sincerely , danielle flynn , imr 
it begins with jim carrey looking into a mirror , reciting the crucial " eat me " scene from alive , wishing his neighbors a good day , afternoon and evening , and living in domestic bliss with his wife ( laura linney ) . 
similar cruel manipulations keep him from stumbling upon the truth , not the least of them truman's best friend marlon ( noah emmerich ) , who assures him he's not in on any conspiracy because the last thing he'd ever do is hurt him . 
and when news shows use hidden cameras , it's done in the name of the greater good , not entertainment . 
while keaton , boyle , and furst are good , it's christopher lloyd who really makes the movie special . 
 ? beatty is so good that bulworth , despite his shortcomings as a human being , is an entirely sympathetic and likable character almost from the beginning . 
don cheadle has a good role as a drug dealer who uses gun-toting toddlers to do his dirty work . ? 
drugs , a world-wide youthful phenomena during this period , where many westerners came to morocco to smoke the good hashish found there and to live the 'good life' cheaply , and to be in a spot where they did not have to worry about being hassled by the local authorities , even though drugs are illegal there . 
lucy takes it all in stride and has a good disposition for travel , while bea just wants to go to a school and learn something and be a 'normal' girl . 
the film's weakness was the empty feeling i got from watching the story unfold in its risk free tenor ( she was there basically to be just escaping from her situation ) and how unappealing the love affair seemed between bilal and julia . 
her knowledge of that trip is only surface deep , at best . 
the film's strength is in how all the characters are shown for what they are , and no one is that good or that bad , or judged too harshly for their shortcomings . 
the movie reminds avid horror fans how similar and repetitive the genre is and it also reminds them how great a guilty pleasure it can be to watch pointless and predictable violence to innocent , attractive teenagers . 
one night , after his ikea- furnished condo explodes ( don't ask-- you'll just have to see the movie , awright ? ) , he is goaded by tyler into a fight , and damned if it doesn't feel good . 
fight club is going to be misconstrued by a great many people . 
in the early going , it has a downright dangerous feel ; it seems to be saying that violence and civil disobedience are good for the soul , and this is undoubtedly the message that a few moronic punks are going to take from it . 
in this context , the joke works , but like the latest columbine joke , some people will get it and enjoy a good laugh , and others won't . 
this is a great accomplishment for a teen horror movie , especially when compared to some of the trash , of the same genre , released in the last couple of years ( urban legend and i still know what you did last summer are classic examples from the bunch ) . 
sure , it has your traditional share of jerks and outsiders ( ali larter's character is particularly annoying ) , but the shocks , from the beginning to the end , are extremely entertaining . 
the myriad of inside jokes and gags ( the characters are named after famous horror directors , one character who plays a jerk is named carter , like x-files creator chris carter , and a song by john denver , who died in a plane crash , plays whenever death is near ) show this movie is a bunch of guys having a good time making a movie . 
and from this , i had a great time watching the movie . 
wong as shang , mulan's commanding officer and later love interest , pat morita as the emperor and the veteran soon-tek oh as mulan's proud , but loving father . 
carol is nick's ex-girlfriend and beth's best friend , sid is a joint-smoking painter that comes to repaint their house before the new tenants move in . 
it's not obvious that nick and beth are in love with each other , the reason why nick was fired from his job isn't mentioned . 
town in arizona was a good move , since this makes the film focus on the four characters and not on their surroundings . 
the core of the film , of course , deals with the blossoming love between anna and mongkut as it attempts to germinate in the unfriendly soil of a shifting political climate . 
this is the chow yun-fat that hong kong cinema has been in love with for nearly twenty years . 
precious time is stolen from the movie's 155 minutes running time by an unengaging subplot involving one the king's concubines ( bai ling ) and her love of a commoner . 
anna and the king transcends being a predictable , traditional love story by avoiding mawkishness . 
the film , disney's 25th animated feature , opens with a menacing shot of a great black cauldron unshrouded by mist as a narrator begins to tell the tale : a long time ago in the land of prydain , there was a king so evil , that his spirit was captured in the cauldron . 
the next two disney animated features , the great mouse detective and oliver and company , although a little more lighthearted than the black cauldron , didn't do much better ( although oliver and company grossed much more than the black cauldron and the great mouse detective ) . 
in fact , i had heard so many mediocre things about it , that i didn't think the film would ever be such a good film . 
the animation itself is surprisingly good considering that this film was created in the darkest time of the studios . 
even though there are some occasional effects that are not quite good , like the ground opening when the black cauldron rises out of the earth , the animation overall is top notch . 
both relate the story of a couple liberated by love . 
as some good patriarch once observed , " you can maintain control as long as everyone keeps their clothes on . " 
let me exemplify what i've been saying by analyzing a scene from the film , namely the scene where mallory fucks the gas station attendant , kills him , and then castigates him for giving her " the worst fuckin' head i've ever had in my life ! ! ! " 
sometimes they are the source of each others frustrations , but unwilling to kill each other , since they love each other so much and are responsible for each others liberation , they must kill in place of their lever . 
she needed to kill him because of he kidnapped that girl in the hotel room and was having secret fantasies about her while making love to mallory . 
some of the best scenes and lines that come to mind . ( quotes are paraphrased only ) : 
semen is a symbol for great potential and things to come . 
this is reminiscent of nietzsche's whole philosophy , and maybe a direct reference to his beyond good and evil . 
wayne : fucking great ! 
the mystics send jen , a naive gelfling boy , on a mission to find the shard that cracked away , which must be reinserted into the crystal before the skeksis become eternal rulers , before the great " conjunction " of three suns . 
it's the best kind of children's entertainment : elegant , fantastical , and courageously un-hip . 
it may not be the greatest war movie in my opinion , but it's certainly one of the best war movies made , and one of the best of 1998 . 
but while they are thousands of good things great about private ryan , there's one major flaw that detracts the genius of the film : the writing . 
thankfully , the actors help partly to rectify the situation with their great delivery of their lines . 
rennie is good , too , as the man who wants to literally try everything before he dies . 
despite these small problems , " last night " is one of the best movies of the year . 
as good as this revival was , there is something missing from it to make sure it was really doctor who . 
paul mcgann is just as good as any of the other seven guys who've played the doctor ( including his predecessor and off-screen friend sylvester mccoy , who appears once more for the regeneration scene ) . 
they have references to the show so subtle that non fans would not notice them , only whovians would , and they're good . 
the script is a classy piece of work , featuring a master who can spit slime out of his mouth and nice dialogue , and the movie as a whole is one fans will love , and it is a good stand alone viewing for nonfans to enjoy the series . 
but in a teen-dominated movie , the best performance comes from comedian eugene levy ( of television's sctv ) , who is unexpectedly brilliant as jim's uneasy father . 
it's a rough adaptation of the 1932 film , and i say rough because it focuses more on special effects than on some guy in bandages , like boris karloff was engulfed in . 
the special effects from industrial light and magic are top notch , and the acting from fraser and weisz isn't half bad either . 
spending the last 30 years with a roach clip in one hand and a white russian in the other , he doesn't have much of a life , but he's having a good time . 
the two actors do what they do best and they are probably the best there are at it . 
is her political nemesis and turns in a good alexander haig performance . 
 ( michael redman has lost count of how many years he's been writing this column -- 21 years . . . 22 years -- while watching the sunflowers outside his window swaying in the cool breezes . ) 
this movie has very good special effects , for the most part . 
it is one of those sci-fi films where you'll be saying " cool " followed by a " what the hell ? ! ? ! " . 
i can sum up first strike in one word : awesome . 
his last two movies were almost like practice and this one was great . 
city of angels is the kind of love story that i enjoy the most : thought-provoking , moving , and completely unsentimental . 
it's a love story that takes the familiar angel themes and makes them new and necessary to the story , and avoids most of the cliches we're so used to seeing in films like this . 
since i love this film so much , i'll make a minor note that it certainly isn't perfect . 
the plotting of the story by writer dawn steel is rather formulaic ( though the details are what make the story excellent , and steel has done a great job with them ) . 
he's perfect for a role like this , and at the same time he reassures us he's not bound by playing the psycho ( though he is good at it , as he shows in face/off ) . 
meg ryan is a powerful , enticing , and appealingly-chirpy actress , and her work here is some of her best . 
the film also appeals to the senses in a way that few love stories do . 
the visual presentation of city of angels is easily the best of 1998 so far . 
now in 2001 dreamworks has released what i can safely name , one of the top five best animated films . 
shrek wants his property back , but he never thought he would fall in love with princess fiona . 
 " shrek " is such an amazing film , that while watching it you can't help but just smile the entire time and wonder why that other production company can't make movies like this . 
the animated graphics are so great , that they look every bit of realistic . 
i saw previews for this film all last year , and i thought to myself wow , what a great movie this will be . 
i must say i was not disappointed at all , and the film is the best of 2001 so far , and will go down on my best of 2001 list at the end of the year . 
the always beautiful cameron diaz gives the voice of princess fiona and she does a great job as well . 
she is very funny , and her character fits her to a t . of course the best supporting voice is john lithgow , who is personally one of my favorite actors . 
he as the bad guy lord farquaad does a great job in being both sinister and funny at the same time . 
everybody out there is beautiful in their own way , even though it may be inside . 
that a great deal of this sharp little drama is set in the back rooms of new york's cardshark underground astoundingly doesn't limit its accessibility , even for those who can't tell royal and straight flushes apart . 
matt damon , fresh off his " good will hunting " hot streak , is perfect for the role of mike mcdermott , a young law student with a tremendous gift for gambling . 
if only the other character interaction was as successful , " rounders " might merit consideration when it comes time to number the year's best films . 
and as a wizened judge , the great martin landau makes memorable a role that's mostly a plot device - he's on hand mostly to sort-of save the day and provide a voice for " rounders " ' moral . 
woody allen's films almost never rely on visual flair over textual flair , so when one of his films closely resembles the one time that these two entities fit hand-in-hand ( " manhattan " really is one of the best-looking films i've ever seen , beautiful black and white photography of the city's best areas , etc . ) , a fan can't help but feel visibly moved . 
and then we cut to a film crew , shooting this as the film's hilariously banal key moment in the film , where the lead actress in the film ( melanie griffith , looking as buxom and beautiful as ever ) has to realize something's wrong with her life or whatever . 
it's a terribly stale scene for a woody allen film , with the great opening shots or without , and my heart sank and i soon got used to the fact that once again , a new film of his was not going to be as great as his past works ( though , for the record , last year's " deconstructing harry " came awfully close ) . 
 " mighty aphrodite " is more full of great moments and lines than a really great story . 
 " everyone says i love you " was more of a great idea than a great film . 
 " celebrity " is , yes , a good film , but it's only marginally satisfying as a woody allen film . 
instead of creating the great woody allen world , he's created a world out of a subject he knows only a bit about . 
woody's a flawed guy , and we know it , but we love him anyway , because he's really funny and really witty and really intelligent . 
branagh's allen is a bit more flat-out bad , but with the same charm so that , yes , we like him , but we're still not sure if he's really a good person or not . 
but other places are really great scenes . 
the sequence with theron , which is so good that i wished it hadn't ended . 
and , perhaps the best sequence : a romp with hot-as-hell teen idol , brandon darrow , played by none other than leo dicaprio , who is so un-dicaprio-esque that if any of this fans could sit through this film , they'd never look at him the same way . 
allen's writing in these scenes are so good that just for them , i'd almost recommend the film . 
but what i really liked about this film is despite the fact that it's a mess , despite the fact that what this film really needs is a good old fashioned rewrite by allen himself , it's still a smart and insightful film . 
besides , it's witty , and it does have the one thing that no other film has but allen's : that great woody allen feel . 
the idea at the center of the devil's advocate , which is , thus far , one of the three or four best films of 1997 , is that no matter what decision is made , evil will triumph -- god is a trickster , satan is a humanist -- " the last humanist " . 
part of what makes it so very good , is that it never takes itself too seriously -- it dabbles with morality , vanity , death , and child abuse , but doesn't try to become any profound study of power . 
the depth of intrigue in ronin is quite amazing , considering the fare that's fallen into the same category over the last few years . 
considering these factors it's good to see that ronin was a project that turned out well , and it's another good bet this month . 
first-time feature director robert luketic is blessed with reese witherspoon who's joyously incandescent in this utterly formulaic light comedy written by karen mccullah lutz and kirsten smith , based on a soon-to-be-published novel by amanda brown . 
running a breezy 81 minutes , this is one movie i wished was longer because it was so damn good while it lasted . 
and finally , if you liked labyrinth , you'll love time bandits . 
i prefer films like these because these are what the best kind of films are like . 
 " the celebration " is great because it's chock full of those . 
the key , though , to this film , and the reason it's not just a cool danish import , is because this film is not about revealing the truth as much as it is about the way people react to such an explosive truth . 
but then again , the father , after all , is not a totally bad guy , and we can see the emotional complications that arise thanks to a performance by mortizen which is just so great and touching that while we do believe that he could have raped his children years earlier , we also see a man who has also learned to live with what he's done , and deep down , feels true guilt that is only now beginning to surface . 
the special effects were groundbreaking , revolutionary for their day and still eminently watchable well into twenty years later . 
some fans are angry that he has dared to meddle with what they consider perfection , while others are thrilled by the idea of seeing yesterday's star wars updated with today's special effects wizardry . 
either way , the special edition release means that star wars is back on the big screen , where it rightfully deserves to be seen . 
it's high adventure , incredible special effects , and . . . well , it's just an _experience_ . 
all the starships and fighters are now computer-animated , getting rid of glitches and artifacts of the special effects processes used when the film was originally made--and they look _fantastic_ . 
four and a half minutes of new or missing footage have been added , including a scene with jabba the hutt that had originally been shelved because the state of special effects in 1977 simply couldn't do it justice . 
however , much of the ten million dollars that was spent on the star wars special edition restoration went into restoring the quality of the film itself . 
the audio tracks were remixed and reprocessed , with reworked sound effects by effects maven ben burtt , into glorious , booming , theater-shaking full-thx dolby digital stereo . 
and _that_ , more than the added scenes or new special effects , is where the real value of this new version lies . 
in regard to the star wars special edition , and to the other two films of the trilogy which have yet to be released , i'll make this final recommendation : go and see it . 
the young crook is a know-it-all who seems good at everything he does but at avoiding rubbing people the wrong way . 
we see pieces of the heist being put together , last minute changes , and things that go wrong , much like a good episode of " mission impossible . " 
director frank oz , the voices of yoda and miss piggy proves surprisingly good at directing a serious crime film . 
one being that they found people ( lemmon and garner ) that have good chemisty together . 
for one thing , the cast is great . 
but lithgow plays him as a concerned father who is trying to do what he feels is best for his daughter . 
by the end of the film , we feel a genuine sense of love and understanding between him and the lori singer character . 
he feels so good afterwards that he actually eats something . 
he stays up all night drinking , smoking pot , dancing , falling in love with nikki , and learning to scratch turntables and rap . 
he's not very good , but it is his first try and at least he's not embarrassingly bad . 
as the story and screen writer , he came up first with a good structure , then with good dialogue to back it up ( jeremy pikser co-wrote the screenplay ) . 
quality action with amazing and exciting stunt work , as in 1999's the matrix , can be a real gem . 
but it is also a piece of the narrative of legendary chinese film hero wong fei-hong , most recently seen in one of the most overlooked , and possibly best films of 2000 , drunken master 2 ( released in the u . s . as the legend of drunken master ) . 
in addition to looking fantastic , pam grier is also quite good , although hers is not an oscar- caliber performance ( although she might get a nomination ) . 
rating : good shot ( stars ) 
there are few photogenic , empathetic characters for the audience to fall in love with . 
life consists of simple pleasures for him : ice cream , warm rooftop naps and good books . 
in several roshomon-like flashbacks , it's shown how ghost dog was assaulted by racist white males and beaten nearly to death until the timely intervention of a good samaritan , that " samaritan " being a foot soldier in an aging crime family . 
one is a sage little girl ( winbush ) who connects with ghost dog through their love of reading . 
gorman plays sonny , a lieutenant who respects the old ways , yet has a quirky affinity for rap music , a love comically shown in several impromptu displays . 
whitaker carries the film by using what truly great actor's use , his face . 
the movie , directed by tim blake nelson - best known for his co-starring role in o brother , where art thou ? 
plus his father , the team's coach - played with a ferocious intensity by martin sheen - showers more love and concern on his star player than on his own flesh and blood . 
hartnett is appropriately cool and machiavellian as he weaves his deadly web of lies and deceit , turning friend against friend , and lover against lover . 
also desi's actions concerning michael ( andrew keegan ) , odin's former teammate and best friend who was kicked off the team because of one of hugo's machinations , is puzzling . 
as the movie's villain , there is nothing particularly special or catching about the character of clayton . 
still , this is one great thrill-ride that disney has constructed . 
director stephen frears , possibly not intentionally , has created a movie that makes you feel good about yourself and even that ostensibly no good uncle who watches television twenty four hours a day . 
it also helps open the viewer's eyes as to how annoying barry is . 
i just hope hollywood keeps creating losers on the big screen , they make everyone look and feel great . 
political considerations aside , however , this is a delightful lesbian love story as the film takes us on a whirlwind tour of bubbles' romantic entanglements with a naive and virginal young porn starlet dory drawers ( shauny sexton ) . 
this bright , colourful and deliriously sexy film is chock-full of great performances . 
the love scenes between the women are especially beautiful . 
the musical score by nicholas stirling blends cool jazz and lounge stylings , while the skilful cinematography by harald bachmann terrifically captures a blend of garish 70's porn and psychedelia . 
amazingly , this film appears to have received a good deal of its funding from a variety of canadian government cultural agencies . 
while driving through a long , flat iraqi desert ( in a humvee with a bart simpson hood ornament ) , one of the men under special forces sgt . 
our three kings ( okay , four ) are good fighters , but they don't necessarily take operation desert storm seriously-it's a reprieve from their hellish day jobs . 
i liked these scenes best , because the political became personal . 
 ( it's great . ) 
for many critics , scholars and , most importantly , film producers , it was a thing of the past - something that could have attracted crowds only in the era of black-and-white television and non-cgi special effects . 
mel gibson as an actor is truly wonderful , and he is also helped by small army of very good british and irish actors . 
brendan gleeson ( who would later become famous for his role in boorman's general ) is also very good as wallace's trusted companion , as well as ian bannen is effective as leprosy-stricken king john balliol . 
from the technical point of view , the film is also very good . 
to make things even more obvious , good guys in this film are the total opposite of effeminate and incompetent edward - rugged macho men of mountains who are more practical and efficient because they tend to employ conservatives' common sense instead of fashionable theories of ivory tower liberals . 
at times absorbing , at others enjoyably insipid , this is good , bloody summer fun . 
the best parts of the patriot are the scenes in which martin and his rugged militia men outsmart the british armies left and right . 
and stick figures make the easiest enemies in these kinds of movies - why give the audience a reason to love the bad guys ? 
heck , why not spend the entire film glossing up the good guys ? 
the river wild was one of the best action/suspense films i have seen from the 90s . 
if only the screenplay had maintained the final thirty minutes' intensity , it could have become a great action film ( and i use the term loosely ) . 
alec baldwin gives one of his best performances i have ever seen ( it sure is better from his fair game ) . 
baldwin can be a good or a bad character , and here he succeeds at both in a way . 
elle macpherson gives a good performance , albeit slight . 
harold perrineau is a good actor , and his scenes are nice and underplayed . 
the best thing about the script is the ending which doesn't end with the normal high-strung action sequence , but with a small detail involving a certain gift . 
yes , most of the kung fu and other " martial arts " flicks were cheap , they had predictable and formulaic plot , and asked very little of production values aside from martial arts skills . 
the best of those movies , one that passed the test of time and managed to keep its own cult status after quarter of century was enter the dragon . 
although two other main actors - john saxon being the obligatory good white guy and jim kelly being the obligatory black good guy - were intended to share top spot with lee , they served as nothing more than a comic relief . 
it is a real shame to see kelly , definitely the worse actor than saxon , to steal the scenes from him only because his lines , being the worst possible blaxploitation cliches , sound so damn over the top . 
film is one of the best art forms because not only can you tell a story , but you can use the camera to capture the smallest detail and have it mean something . 
so whenever a director uses the camera to its fullest potential , the film almost automatically deserves a good review . 
fincher hasn't made a film since " seven , " his box office and critical hit which defied expectations and became one of the best movies ever . 
douglas portrays this aspect of his character extremely well , and gives one of his best performances ( even better than his " falling down " persona ) . 
sean penn is always good , and he gives yet another credible performance as douglas' brother . 
deborah kara unger ( from " crash " ) is the waitress he bumps into , and her performance is extremely good . 
another good performance comes from armin mueller-stahl ( from " shine " ) as the book editor . 
this screenplay will probably get an oscar nomination for best original screenplay because it does almost exactly the same thing the usual suspects' did . 
and if you can get yourself to believe everything occuring on the screen , you will be thoroughly entertained by one of this year's best films . 
indeed , it's one of the year's best feel-good movies -- 91 minutes of unrestrained joy that no one should miss . 
so effortlessly that people tend to forget he's there , much in the way people rarely recall many of the great character actors ( anyone who can put the name james rebhorn with that actor's face is invited to treat themselves to a product from one of my sponsors ) . 
i showed her a picture of cusack's mug in the paper hoping for an " oh - him , yes he's quite good " instead i got a " no - i don't know him " . 
cu-sack . cu-sack - no , not quite as cool . 
the best of which is jack black ( of the very funny show tenacious d , a program that sadly went the way of bruce willis' hair ? ? ? unfortunately that annoying smirk remains ) , an ardent record store employee who bullies customers into buying exactly what he wants them to buy . 
he's the kind of supporting character who would be impossibly annoying comic relief in most other films . 
the one exception in the acting department is a bit of a doozy , the main love interest played by danish actress iben hjejle ( mifune ) , who completely obliterates any trace of a danish accent , replacing it with a stilted american phonation . 
i give her kudos for attempting such a contradictory role , but instead of being likeable , she comes across as rather robotic , and as such it's hard to see why cusack's character would be so obsessed with her especially when he has a beautiful , intelligent writer ( natasha gregson wagner ) potentially waiting in the wings . 
this reminded me of say anything , where the charming cusack was paired with the charmless ione skye , and in midnight in the garden of good and evil where the poor bastard had to put up with alison eastwood ( whose unbelievably more wooden then father , clint for those " special people " whose wheels turn a little slower ) . 
fears' direction is somewhat stilted , and the script is sometimes a little too ( and this is a word i'm beginning to hate to use but alas i must ) quirky for its own good ( i think i'll blame that on scott rosenberg , who judging from what he did with beautiful girls , con air , and things to do in denver while your dead , has his fingerprints all over the most irritating bits of this movie ) . 
it seems that for me and thousands of people like me , the love for george lucas's trilogy of star wars movies has only grown over time . 
we won't go dressing up like darth vader ( although you have to admit those imperial uniforms are pretty darn cool ) , and we won't incorporate lines from the script in our everyday conversations ( not all the time , anyway ) , but if someone wants to challenge us to a little trivia contest , we're throwing down . 
for weeks beforehand , i was going around telling people that this movie had better be damned good - stupendously good - miraculously good . 
anything less and it'll be the biggest disappointment of the century . 
one aspect that will appeal broadly , however , is the use of special effects . 
with that working against him , he never has a chance at being interesting and instead ends up an utter disappointment . 
the phantom menace , by most standards , is a good film . 
thanks to its distinctive look , the movie like a good comic book transports us to another world . 
jeff has a good job , a loving family , and most of all , a warm relationship with their mother beatrice ( debbie reynolds ) . 
at the end of one of their conversations where beatrice has just picked apart john's life , she says , " i love you , " and john replies with , " i know you think you do . " 
 " a great experiment " , he calls it . 
there's a scene where john has just arrived at his mother's house , and after having driven from los angeles to sausalito , and having explained to his mother about the " great experiment " , beatrice asks , " now explain to me again why you don't want to stay at a hotel . " 
she apparently buys in great quantities and refrigerates it until the lettuce is wilted and the sherbet is iced over . 
 " the freezer was a good invention , " says john , " but it's not supposed to be used for everything . 
rob morrow also does a good job at playing the younger brother who has always been mother's favorite and , for all his success in his job and family , is slowly exposed as a mama's boy . 
when we do find out what has happened to amy , it does come as a slight disappointment , if only because it's too early in the film ; i for one could have done with an extra twenty minutes or so of mystery and bewilderment , but this affects the film little . 
russell , as mentioned earlier , is very good in his role , and kathleen quinlan is nowhere near as annoying as she was in apollo 13 . 
walsh , as the possibly evil truck driver , is terrific ; he is one of the best of the fine batch of character actors hollywood doesn't seem to know what to do with , but director jonathan mostow is on the right track here . 
the reason he makes such a great villain is that he actually looks like a real person , one anyone would be able to trust , which makes the plot that much more believable . 
breakdown is what hollywood doesn't make enough of , a great thriller with believable characters and scenes that do , indeed , have viewers on the edge of their seats . 
this led to the creation of the two special vehicle divisions , using patrol labors to fight labor crime . 
the patlabor story centers around the second special vehicle division , sv2 , who , through no fault of their own , have acquired a bad reputation for destructiveness . 
sometimes utterly hilarious , sometimes almost deadly serious , the patlabor series explores the interpersonal relationships of the special vehicle crewmembers , and also looks at the effects of technology on modern life . 
the oavs and tv series were more cheerful , better-suited to humor ; the movie , however , makes everyone look a great deal less cute , and emphasizes that this is going to be , for the most part , a deadly serious storyline . 
the audio track of _patlabor : the movie_ is in glorious hi-fi stereo , and should be used to demonstrate home theater systems--it _is_ that good . 
actually , paulie is the voice of jay mohr ( he played jennifer aniston's boyfriend on picture perfect ) doing his best buddy hackett impression ( which is interesting , since hackett himself cameos as the pawn shop owner , and mohr doubles as a customer ) . 
imagine lassie come home , except with a doll-sized human dressed as a bird , and you'll have a good idea of the plot and characterization . 
and good luck explaining what it means when paulie says of ivy , " well , one day , the cat got her . " 
her husband lem is an intense passionate individual whose temper gets the best of him sometime but never stops loving . 
lem's temper gets the best of him when his convict past starts to catch up to him . 
the acting by everyone in the ensemble is outstanding , with special notices to irma p . hall and brandon hammond . 
the performances are excellent , with the usually annoying paxton in fine form and bridget fonda giving a scene-stealing turn as hank's scheming wife . 
this is an excellent showcase for thornton's fine skills as an actor and a great change in direction for raimi , who could very well have a career ahead of him as an accomplished director of dramatic films . 
according to hollywood movies made in last few decades , life in small town is one of the worst things that could happen to a human being . 
every member of its potential audience would find part of himself or herself in this film , because fellini in this film clearly illustrates natural human desire to paint past in the best way possible . 
because of this warmth and democratic spirit , amarcord could be viewed as one of the most humane films of 20th century , and it keeps its general feel good atmosphere despite depicting having many uncomfortable , melancholic and even tragic moments . 
on the other hand , lack of credible special effects somewhat diminished the same effect during the ocean liner scene . 
it's not that starship troopers is anti-military , because it never treats the true horror of war as anything but a great big , violent video game . 
it is that rare special effects blockbuster which demonstrates a sense of pacing to match its budget ; i was caught up in the action enough of the time that i wasn't perpetually groaning over the absence of real human beings . 
however , you've got to go with what you've got , and what you've got in jackie chan is something special -- a talent that mainstream hollywood should , could , and ought to utilize . 
not to be confused with the campy and far inferior 1988 remake starring ex-porn star traci lords , this more recent attempt at remaking the 1950's drive-in schlockfest not of this earth is a real gem and was quite possibly the best sci-fi flick of 1995 . 
the weird twitches and bizarre modes of speech , the dapper clothes and cool spectacles , the unexpected pathos which he invests in his character . 
this is a tour-de-force and quite simply the best performance i've seen from him . 
and it doesn't matter one bit that the special effects are cheesy - this is schlock after all , even if it is high class schlock . 
and michael york : in one cool swoop you've made yourself a b-movie legend , dude . 
the story contains several surprises which are best left unmentioned in a review . 
who that person is , and how to share in the good fortune is the mission of two longtime friends jackie ( ian bannen ) and michael ( david kelly ) . 
doubtfire seemed ready-made for the same problems , but instead it proves to be williams' best comic screen project yet . 
daniel uses his access to the house to keep an eye on miranda's flirtation with a wealthy client ( pierce brosnan ) , to spend time with the children , and to learn something about responsible parenting , all the while trying to keep his identity hidden from the people who know him best . 
the most crucial is that no one in the family recognizes daniel , and thanks to the fantastic special makeup that's instantly believable . 
the children are also good , although mara wilson is almost oppressively cute as the youngest . 
doubtfire , but there are plenty of laughs , and good comedies are always in short supply . 
this father-and-son delight-- sverak also wrote the script , while his son , jan , directed-- won a golden globe for best foreign language film and , a couple days after i saw it , walked away an oscar . 
daylight is a great disaster movie . 
>from here on , the plot takes a back seat , and we are treated to some of the best camera work and action staged . 
daylight is a great film , i saw a non-matinee showing of it , and i thought it was worth every penny . 
rob cohen ( dragonheart ) does a great job with this film . 
the cinematography , by javier aguirresarobe , is as good as i have ever seen and nicole kidman gives another in her growing body of fine performances . 
overall , the film plays like a very high quality version of any number of old " twilight zone " episodes where the characters spend a great deal of time wandering about looking afraid and disoriented , only to learn they are actually a child's toy , a military test subject or a department store dummy . 
 " the others " sets out to be a classic ghost story , but fails to grasp that special something that makes such films more than layers of mist . 
the film is filled with beautiful , subtle performances from all the actors , especially ian holm as the lawyer and sarah polley as the sad child who was left behind . 
the beautiful , roving camerawork by paul sarossy and the haunting , melodic musical score by mychael danna ( both previous egoyan collaborators ) give the film a visual and aural cohesiveness with the thematic elements . 
the actual bus wreck itself doesn't happen until midway through the film , but by that time the event has built up so much emotion that egoyan can film it from a distance with no graphic detail , and still have it carry great , devastating weight . 
certainly one of the best films of 1997 , " the sweet hereafter " is a deeply rewarding , mystifying , and ultimately human film . 
the coen brothers have assembled a great cast that play off each other perfectly . 
also several great supporting roles , john turturro as a child molesting bowler named jesus . 
i doubt this movie will be nearly as popular as fargo , but its off the wall moments make it so far the best of 1998 . 
if you like anything else the coen brothers have done you will love this one , if not they give this one a try its a little different . 
tati doesn't waste a single opportunity for humor ; scenes that might have yielded one joke in most comedies are good for at least four or five in this film . 
he is taken prisoner along with some other humans , and tries his best to escape his simian captors . 
but the thing that held this movie back more than anything else was its lead character , his cold demeanor and the zero chemistry that he shared with either one of his inter-species love interests . 
but i would still recommend this film as a fun , summer movie with laughs , creepiness and a really cool premise . 
and i love gillian anderson . 
the film is like a two-hour episode , except that there are a lot more special effects , the plot is thicker , and the resolution is more satisfying . 
director rob bowman has done a great job expanding the eerie feeling of the show to the big screen , making small adjustments and minor changes to utilize the possibilities that film allows over television . 
the special effects are very good , and the production design by christopher nowak is fantastic . 
what i find interesting is that the x-files is actually a great way for series neophytes to get into the story . 
anderson is equally good , and paralyzingly beautiful ; she's also a strong actress . 
the script also clearly sets him up as the good guy who is only trying to prove his innocence . 
unfortunately , this preconception saps the film of some of it's would-be suspenseful moments , and anything good left in those scenes is largely attributed to jackson's acting ability . 
walsh appeared in dozens of movies such as good morning vietnam , backdraft , and nixon . 
for one of his best performances , check out sling blade , in which he plays a mental patient sharing a ward with billy bob thornton . 
when jack nicholson accepted his best actor oscar in march , walsh was one of the men to whom he credited his success ( the actors performed together in a few good men ) . 
the negotiator is actually dedicated to walsh , and while inspector niebaum may not have been his best role , it certainly characterizes the type of character for which walsh had become most famous for playing . 
we're served with the premise that two equally deft negotiators are battling each other to resolve the conflict in the manner which will suit each of them best . 
both provide some pretty good entertainment . 
it's not great , but it does have two things that many horror films like this one don't have : 1 ) a rather nifty premise , and 2 ) a sense of humor , both which save this from horror hell , which is precisely where , say , " i know what you did last summer " has recently gone . 
and most of all , the chucky character is a good one , not just because he provides instant comic relief ( look ! 
the first great thing about u-571 is the film's opening sequence . 
life was a great move on the part of murphy and co-star martin lawrence , because it's a great showcase for both actors that never resorts to slap-sticky drivel . 
life is , in a sense , one great balancing act with murphy on one end and lawrence on the other . 
it's such a nice surprise , such a great vehicle for eddie murphy and martin lawrence , that it warrants a huge smile as the credits begin to roll . 
 " in the heat of the night " was the first and the best of the three films norman jewison directed concerning racism in america . 
the film , which won best picture in 1967 focuses on vergil tibbs , played superbly by sidney poitier as a fearless african american police officer from philadelphia who refuses to give up on an investigation in a white town where is he not wanted . 
however , unlike " the hurricane " where denzel washington dominated over the rest of the cast , poitier shares the spotlight with rod steiger , who won best actor for his excellent performance . 
as a sheriff who helps tibbs and warns him of the dangers around him , steiger shows a great amount of skill in his role . 
also , it is given that tibbs is a vigilant homicide detective who is the best at what he does , but some of his discoveries came out of nowhere and how he found out some of the important case details towards the end were never answered . 
he managed to be in the two best movies of 1967 , " in the heat of the night " and the even better " in cold blood . " ) 
the result was the stage play the rocky horror show , which opened to fairly decent reviews in london in 1973 and was even hailed the best musical of 1973 by prominent drama critics in england . 
this new audience was prone to dressing up like the characters from the film , acting out segments in front of the screen as the movie played , yelling rude comments at the screen , and just generally having a good time . 
going back and revisiting this film after ten years ( 1990 being the first time i had ever seen it ) , it is amazing to me that this film ever got made or has had the staying power that it has . 
for all intents and purposes it is a bad movie ( though bad in a really good sort of way ) , but sumptuous production design and a great deal of incredibly catchy songs really help to increase the likability of the film . 
as a lasting testament to the longevity of the film and its legion of fans , a brand new special edition 2-disc dvd set has been released that is the most comprehensive compendium of rocky horror to date ( even out shining the laserdisc special edition that was released for its 20th anniversary ) . 
in an attempt to recreate the interactivity of the film , fox home entertainment has released this wonderful 2-disc dvd set loaded with so many extras that it'll take a good eight hours just to take in the majority of it all . 
the film itself is located on the first disc and has been given a beautiful transfer that shows it in its original aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( enhanced for 16x9 televisions ) . 
the two seem like old friends and have great stories to tell , but they also point out cast members that are sadly no longer with us anymore ( and there are quite a few ) . 
the second feature is an audience participation track , which lets you in on what you might hear on a good night out at the show . 
former lite-rock video channel turned music historians vh-1 have allowed some of their outtake footage from the " behind the music : rocky horror " special that they ran earlier in the year to be shown here , as well as a pop-up video for the meat loaf-sung " hot patootie " . 
fox's special edition is the dvd set that rocky horror fans have been waiting for all their lives ( " you're lucky . . . 
it's not just amazing enough that tons of classic italian films are finally getting their recognition in the u . s . , but even long standing traditions are finally receiving their due on the wonderful dvd format . 
for those eight of you who aren't familiar with the story , here's a brief recap : greaser bad boy danny and aussie good girl sandy are reunited for their 1959 senior year at rydell high after a brief fling during the summer ; both thought she was going to return to her native continent before school started , but both were wrong . 
sandy tries to rekindle their relationship , but danny's too cool a cat to fall for her wholesome appeal in front of his t-bird buddies ( including jeff conaway ) . 
so sandy hooks up with a gang herself -- the pink ladies , headed by sassy , sexy rizzo ( stockard channing , just superb as an independent woman well ahead of her time ) -- and danny , who still really feels love for her , attempts a compromise of ideals in order to win her back . 
the soundtrack is remastered ( though travolta still hits that awful high note at the end of " nights " ) and the restored widescreen allows us to see previously pan-and-scanned-out choreography , but nothing else has changed -- no computer-generated backgrounds , no outtakes or new musical numbers , no jabba the hutt cameos . 
and it's a testament to " grease " 's timeless success that nothing needs to be changed -- it's the same all-around blast it's always been , with an appealing cast in a fun story told with great music . 
brown director john madden gives us a story of the bard himself in the wonderfully vibrant shakespeare in love . 
marc norman and tom stoppard's story is largely fantasy , although as the viewer soon learns , shakespeare in love is not a movie that takes itself seriously . 
 ( will shakespeare of the 1590's would've been married to anne hathaway , and he would've had a teenage daughter and two young sons ; here he is a bachelor played by joseph fiennes . ) will is a writer struggling to come up with a great play , and his current comedy in the works -- " romeo and ethel , the pirate's daughter " -- just doesn't quite seem right . 
with the help of the great writer christopher marlowe ( rupert everett ) , and the inspiration of true love with noblewoman viola de lesseps ( gwyneth paltrow ) , he changes things around and writes one of his greatest tragedies , " romeo and juliet . " 
the love story between will and viola loosely parallels the story of romeo and juliet , to great effect . 
although certainly not inspiring in any regard , it revels in a wholesome , well-rounded atmosphere that has been absent in many of 1998's pictures ; the true-love story is one of the best around . 
with his last two films - shine and snow falling on cedars - australian director scott hicks has proven his cinematic flashbacks to be some of the best out there , and his latest , hearts in atlantis , is no different . 
ted teaches his young neighbor about the wonders of literature ( after his cheapskate mother gives him a library card for his birthday ) , dispenses prophetic words of wisdom and even pays bobby one dollar a week to read him the local newspaper and keep his eyes peeled for the low men , a group of people chasing ted to exploit his special powers . 
atlantis is nowhere near as flashy as hicks' cedars , which is disappointing but understandable considering the switch from the completely amazing robert richardson to the occasionally amazing piotr sobocinski , the oscar-nominated cinematographer behind krzysztof kieslowski's red . 
while hardly a great film , singer's ambitious adaptation of king's short story * is challenging nonetheless ; perhaps the most shocking aspect of this inclement psychological thriller is that a major studio got behind it . 
renfro was recently charged with possession of cocaine-i hope he doesn't continue down that path , because he has a big future in good movies waiting for him . 
for a low budget film , the terminator's special effects and art direction ( especially in 2029 la ) are remarkably well done . 
special mention should be made of the stop motion effects work at the end of the film depicting the terminator endoskeleton . 
it is some of the best stop motion i have ever seen . 
known mainly to american audiences as the man behind 1968's romeo and juliet ( required viewing for many high schoolers , and as much as most ever learn of shakespeare ) , he is also a favorite at the metropolitan opera , where his achingly beautiful designs further the already lush emotion of many a puccini aria . 
the ostensible love interest gets little screen time , and her scenes with her prince are usually as an object of mockery . 
of special note are the cinematography by david watkin and the score by ennio morricone . 
not to mention a series of special effects that would make james cameron literally turn green with envy . 
i'm never one to base a film entirly on special effects , so know that when i give dark city 
it's actually because the film contained all of the neccessary ingredients to keep me entertained and awake from storyline to plot twists to camerawork to even ( tsk , tsk ) special effects . 
the best film i've seen all year , and easily one of the best i've ever seen 
the film looks great , but there are a good deal of bloopers/flubs that occur . 
bill is called to help with a partygoer who has had a bit too much of a good time . 
when his patient's engaged daughter makes a plea for his love and affection , he is struck with images of an affair that never occured between his wife , alice and a naval officer . 
as the film begins , there is an incredible palette of colors , beautiful sunrises , lush golden fields , green forests , inky-blue clouds and blending sun . 
the beautiful production design by dante ferretti , wonderful costumes and art direction by malcolm middleton re-create the multiple historical periods in the film . 
from the renaissance new orleans and the beautiful rococo paris of the 18th century , to our present days . 
the casting is likewise good , involving some of the most famous and beautiful stars of hollywood , ireland and spain . 
neil jordan's direction is beautiful and sensual as he plays with interesting issues like eternity , homosexuality , love and loneliness . 
there , he meets a genetically imperfect woman , irene ( uma thurman , who's genetically perfect in real life anyway , hee hee ) , and the two begin a kind of relationship , albeit a very shallow one since romance is deemed by how great a man's stats are . 
the production design of this film is probably the best i've seen this year : it's stunning , very pleasing to the eye , but still very cold . 
the acting from everyone is great , with thurman giving a wonderfully cold performance , and hawke creating a character who has been beaten down by the system but has found a new sense of optimism by a bitter man who was willing to give it out anyway ( interesting pointless fact : uma and ethan started dating after this film , and currently she is pregnant with his child ) . 
but the best performance belongs to jude law , who steals every scene he's in , and creates a character filled with the pessimism over having such a horrible burden placed on his burden . 
the author , h . g . wells merely used it as a convenient way to express his socialist views and condemn the great social gap between the rich , idle capitalist class and impoverished labour . 
the novel became one of great classics of science fiction genre and it natural for filmmakers to use it as inspiration . 
when he finally reaches year 802 , 701 ad , at first glance , new world looks like utopia - humanity consists of young , beautiful , but idle eloi , people who are fed , clothed and taken care of by unseen machines . 
for h . g . wells it was frightening threat of class struggle ; for george pal and his screenwriter david duncan , who produced the film in the worst days of the cold war , it was the constant and more imminent threat of nuclear holocaust , underlined with the negative references to war throughout the movie . 
compared with the genre films of today , the time machine is even better , and could serve as a good example how to make intelligent , thought-provoking films . 
but , on the other hand , the film is very well directed , cleverly paced and the special effects , although definitely old-fashioned , are more than adequate for this kind of picture . 
the acting is good , with rod taylor in one of his most remembered roles , while in the same time alan young brings rather memorable performance as george's trusted friend filby . 
however , despite all those flaws , the time machine is a very good piece of cinema , something that connoisseurs of quality science-fiction films sorely miss these days . 
he has such a good time that he doesn't want to leave , so he seeks employment as a busboy . 
the romance is prodded along before it has a chance to transform into something special . 
newcomer phillippe has the charisma and joisey accent down pat ; he and campbell , as fetching as ever , look so good together it's a shame their subplot goes nowhere . 
shot in 16mm and video ( i suspect . ) , the film chronicles the forays of 3 students who go in search for the legendary blair witch . 
simply amazing in that respect , i must say . 
no gore , no special effects , i just can't get over how terribly smart this film is ! 
kate ( helena bonham carter ) and merton ( linus roache ) are in love . 
he is still in love with kate , and will accept no substitute . 
merton has no feelings for millie because he is still in love with kate . 
merton finds that pretending to love millie is a lot like actually loving her . 
kate finds that she's not so sure she really wants her merton falling in love with and marrying anyone else . 
their involvement in the deception makes each less attractive to the other , and after a few things go wrong , the whole idea seems like an awful life-ruining mistake . 
a horrific long take that shows the bus sliding , then stopping , then collapsing into a frozen lake , is the best digital trickery in any movie this year and , perhaps , ever , in a motion picture . 
the purpose behind mst3k is to exploit some of the worst films known ( even if by very few of us ) to man . 
mst3k lovers will likely hail the film greatly , but if you don't know what you're in for , it could be a jarring disappointment . 
warning : although mst3k has more to its end credits than most ( the three leads use the credits to poke some more fun ) , they are actually more annoying than most . 
most people will likely stay to see what the smart-alec's have to say , but for me , it almost ruined an otherwise good film . 
shrek reluctantly agrees and sets off on his quest , accompanied by a motor-mouthed donkey ( eddie murphy ) determined to make the green grump his best friend . 
the movie references a great many other flicks , from " babe " ( " that'll do , donkey . 
still , " shrek " is a rollicking good time . 
the computer animation is mostly impressive ( although several key characters look like animated rubber squeeze toys and the human movements are often jerky ) , the voice work is strong ( particularly from eddie murphy ) , the laughs come fast and furious , and the moral , tainted though it may be , is a good one . 
capone discovers that wonie has been smuggling guns inside shipments of charity supplies for the area churches and , much to his disappointment , also finds out his childhood friend ratty ( mark danvers ) has been helping him . 
torn between doing his job and protecting his best friend , capone must make some hard decisions in order to make things right again . 
the make-up effects are particularly good in these scenes as well , with flawless squib work on display from the effects team . 
chris blackwell , founder of palm pictures , was also involved in the production of another jamaican box-office smash in 1981 entitled countryman , so i'd say he has a pretty good track record . 
i'd heard good things about his previous work with movies like hard boiled , but his films were definitely not on my must-see list . 
the acting throughout the film is staggeringly good for an action flick . 
even travolta's great performance , however , paled in comparison to cage's character portrayals . 
first , the movie's ending , whilst being very good overall , was a bit too drawn out for it's own good . 
the movie is both a great love story told with the disaster as a backdrop and a portrayal of one of the world's most memorable disasters made real and personal by seeing it through the eyes of two young lovers . 
in either case , it is filmmaking at its best . 
after jack saves rose from committing suicide , they start a brief but impassioned love affair . 
leonardo dicaprio in his best performance ever plays jack with confidence and charisma . 
kate winslet gives a wonderfully captivating performance as young rose . 
from the scene where he embarrasses her by repeatedly asking if she loves her finace to the beautiful one of them hanging off the ship's bow to the one where she embarrasses him by asking him to paint her nude , they dazzle the screen with a pair of mesmerizing performances . 
if the film breaks after an hour and a half , which is how long cameron wisely waits to have the iceberg show up , you will still get one of the best films of the year . 
there are more than enough characters to love and to hate , and all of the casting is dead-on . 
special effects work best when their presence becomes almost undetectable . 
perhaps the sinking is best summarized by one of the guggenheim's on-board the ship . 
 " we're dressed in our best and would prefer to go down like gentlemen . 
see the best film i have seen in 1996 . 
not the best children's film . . . the 
best film . 
based on a story by roald dahl , it tells of young matilda wormwood ( mara wilson ) , an extraordinarily bright girl whose great misfortune it is to have a pair of deeply stupid parents : harry ( danny devito ) , a crooked used car salesman ; and zinnia ( rhea perlman ) , a simple-minded bingo addict . 
matilda also discovers another special talent -- the ability to move things with her mind -- which allows her to help herself and miss honey to overcome miss trunchbull's cruelty . 
it was this spring's james and the giant peach which inspired me to note that the best and most lasting tales for children tended to have more than a hint of darkness to them , and you can bet that the roald dahl responsible for the gleeful ghoulishness of james and willy wonka and the chocolate factory has more of the same in store with matilda . 
it is also characteristic of the best children's tales that they manage to teach lessons in such a way that children almost don't realize that they are learning them . 
devito knows enough to make matilda fast-paced and appealing to children , taking a deliciously nasty performance by pam ferris as miss trunchbull and making it the focal point of some priceless physical comedy , including a great chase through her dark house . 
matilda is a film which left me glowing with good feeling . 
inspired by f . w . murnau's 1922 silent film of the same name , herzog's film is a work of exquisite bleakness , an oddly touching tragedy with a beautiful and uniquely haunting quality that lingers long afterwards . 
upon seeing a photo of harker's wife ( the radiant isabelle adjani ) he instantly falls in love with her . 
it is so eerily beautiful and evocative that it's quite impossible to imagine the film without it . 
after francis ford coppola's unscary and woefully overblown version of bram stoker's tale in 1992 , it is a joy to go back to herzog's film and see the amazing things he has done with what is now a century-old story . 
that's why pictures like october sky , which are a throwback to the good ol' dramas of yesteryear , are such a welcome relief in contemporary cinema . 
drafting two of his best friends and the brainiac outcast , homer begins to construct rockets . 
with the help of their history teacher , miss riley ( laura dern ) , and several mine workers , the four are soon bound for great things . 
but this one is a near flawless example of how well a perfect script and timing can mesh with first-rate acting , wit and suspense , glorious music , and terrific set peices . 
this crackling good mixture results in a film which is at once funny , exciting , moving and uplifting . 
secondly , buy her a beautiful ring that glitters as brightly as her eyes . 
it's definitely not a good start . 
such a good god " , he moons . 
we laugh at greg's expense , but love often makes a person do dumb things , and ben stiller has the knack of playing the romantic fool . 
the cast ( all very good comedic talents ) play well off one another , while the late madeline kahn ( as the dark and sultry mrs . white ) sometimes steals the film away from the rest . 
the trailer holds up well considering most previews from that time do not , and it even includes a scene not in the film itself ( a scene that should have been in the film , as it's a good joke ) . 
now while i applaud the effort of paramount here , as they clearly tried to do something special with the disc , it just doesn't work well . 
finally , the back of the dvd case states " and now , with this special dvd version , you can see all 3 surprise endings " . 
i have no idea why they would word it that way , since that's not a special feature in the slightest . 
the video has been out for fifteen years now ( good lord , has it been that long ? ) and it's played on television with all three endings all the time . 
the picture and sound are wonderfully improved over my worn out vhs copy , and i'm thrilled that paramount agrees with me that clue is a film worthy of being preserved on this great digital format . 
james garner plays raymond hope , a former cop and one of harry's best friends . 
stockard channing plays verna , harry's former partner , and possibly a former love interest . 
with a solid cast , and a good plot , there's a lot to recommend about twilight . 
i'm not supposed to love transparent and formula pictures like this . 
in fact , i can't remember the last time i had such a good time at the movies . 
in particular , hanks is at his best here , turning his " charm-meter " up to 11 . 
it was good to see hanks back doing what he does best : playing the affable everyman . 
 " you've got mail " certainly won't be winning any awards , but as an exercise in pure entertainment , it's as good as it gets . 
even better would be to watch a double feature of scream and scream 2 . that's not to say that these references necessarily make scream 2 a deep , or even a good movie . 
what i liked best about the horror aspect of the movie is that the monster is not supernatural . 
the whodunit aspect of the movie is not that great by itself - gale weathers and deputy dewey ( david arquette , also from the original ) track down a killer . 
yes , every member of the household has their own special problems , but the writer didn't choose to name so many characters for various flowers by accident . 
this delightful little picture mixes love , tragedy and pathos , resulting in a hopeful and almost magical concoction . 
william is now an average-sized , reasonably happy adult , played with love and compassion by chris leavins . 
rosmary's trip to the bathroom after drinking too much beer is beautifully orchestrated , and kerry fox is at her hilarious best trying to cope with the long train in a small bath , all while talking to her brother . 
the crew works as a strong comedic vehicle driven by a great ensemble cast of talented character actors and subtle leading men . 
the acting talents of such screen veterans as dan hedaya , seymour cassel , and the great , great burt reynolds are brought out by each character's uniqueness and synergy within the wiseguy circle . 
the great thing is that this comedy does not need to be punctuated by bodily fluids , phallus symbols in the head , or grandmothers giving head in a spa . 
in the steady flow of " extreme " comedy these days flowing from hollywood like a broken water main , it's the elder statesmen like dreyfuss , reynolds , and hedaya that can carry a comic arc with only a few weapons of choice - a decent script and good acting . 
floating life , australia's first-ever submission to the academy of motion picture arts & sciences for consideration in the best foreign language film category ( its dialogue is in cantonese , english , and german ) , marks a special accomplishment by clara law . 
however , it is a fine film , with a thoughtful and insightful screenplay by clara law and husband eddie ling-ching fong , and some superb acting by a cast consisting almost exclusively of non-actors ( special note is to be made of cecilia fong sing lee , annette shun wah , and a short but dazzling performance by an actress who portrayed gar ming's girlfriend from vancouver ) . 
floating life is ultimately about the ties that bond a family together , which are able to withstand great distances and new environments . 
the scene is comical , awkward , moving , and beautiful . 
because the film parodies a western , the construction of the plot is fairly predictable , but is still enjoyable as we watch the familiar way in which the " good guys " come together for the final showdown . 
mimi leder is probably best known for her stunning work as a director of the hit tv-show er . 
her mast famous episode , " love's labour lost " , dealt with the ordeal of doctor mark greene as he tried his best to save the life of a pregnant mother and her child . 
the way she moved the camera and created tension throughout every scene was amazing . 
despite a few good images , including a train collision and a very impressive explosion , none of this was very coherent . 
eddie murphy stars as inspector scott roper of the sfpd . he is their top hostage negotiator , and the very best at what he does . 
when his best friend on the force is killed by joe ( michael wincott , in a terrific performance ) , a psychotic , demented jewel thief , roger makes it his mission to capture the guy before he strikes again . 
a scene involving a cable car has to be seen to be believed , and boasts some amazing car stunts . 
michael wincott offers the best performance as the crazed killer and jewel thief joe . 
an enjoyable two hours , metro is enjoyable , witty , action-packed , and fun , and makes for a great action movie that's perfect for all of us that need an escape from reality . 
john von neumann , progenitor of the computer age and critically important mathematician on the manhattan project , pointed out long ago that there is a great way to explore the cosmos , even without recourse to faster-than light travel . 
dennis feldman , whose previous credits include the golden child , has never been noted for coherent , well-structured movie scripts ; they start out great , and then disintegrate into a morass of chase and action , mitigated only by the presence of the obligatory beautiful girl . 
feldman writes good scenes , but has no idea how to tell a story or write a movie , even with a previous version to use as a model . 
the script begins to go off the deep end at this point , when the result is a beautiful young girl who can shape-shift into any of several ugly alien life forms . 
her instincts are to mate and procreate , and some of the best scenes deal with her attempts in this area . 
kingsley and whitaker are both consummate professionals , too good to not work to the best of their abilities ; but the performances donaldson elicited from the rest of the cast are disappointing and bland , and it is apparent that the direction was a bit weak . 
nello also has a rather creative talent for drawing some of the most beautiful pictures that i have ever seen , in either a movie or in real life . 
 ( his hero is peter paul rubens , the great flemish painter of the 17th century . ) 
in addition , he even has a best friend ( and future sweetheart ) in the lovely , wealthy aloise , whose father strongly disapproves of her hanging out with `lower-class' nello . 
 ( he thinks he's not good enough for her , and he would hate the idea of the two kids marrying . ) 
and every christmas , there is a contest on which is the most beautiful painting of the year ; the winner getting a lot of money . 
one night , the two travel to a circus , where they have their fortune told ? one of the film's most delightful scenes ? that great happiness is destined for them . 
 ; ) afterwards , the two kids have a rollickingly good time dancing around in front of circus performers . 
worst of all , the painting that he has desperately been working on during all this time , `the portrait of the princess' , fails to win the prize at the festival . 
there have been other movies of this ilk ( boy and dog ) , and while this one falls into that category , it is mostly a story about overcoming difficulties and finding a good home for yourself . 
the cinematography , courtesy of walther van den ende is beautiful , and really adds to the powerful drama of the film . 
the opening song over the credits is very beautiful ( i hope the soundtrack is available ! ) , and there's a brief excerpt of `cheer up , charlie' from willy wonka and the chocolate factory ( sung by aloise , to nello , in another delightful scene ) . 
not that they are the only good stars , however . 
he brings a mysterious , yet gentle performance that makes us all feel good again when he reassures insecure nello that he * can * win the contest . 
but what makes this film fun to watch is how well-defined the characters are , and the pace of the story ( best of all , it has a happy ending ? though i will * not * give it away ; sorry ) is strong and powerful enough for us to identify with the characters . 
for the first time since the beginning of 1999 , there comes a film which doesn't rely on popular formula stuff , such as big-budget special effects , commercial rock soundtracks , or any of that stuff . 
in addition , `entertainment weekly' slam-dunked the film , condemning it as `the worst family film of the year . ' 
none of the other films i have seen this year ( though they were good ) have been so low-key and touching . 
the good trailer had hinted that they pulled the impossible off , but making a blues brothers movie without jake blues ( john belushi ) is such a dumb idea i really had no hope . 
this was another of my fears for the film , but he's a really good dancer , and plays a mean harmonica ( although he may have been dubbed ) . 
one of my problems with the first is that cab calloway's song is so good the actually blues brothers look dull after him , but there's no problems with this . 
the music is all as good as ever , tons of great musicians showing up -- with the exception of johnny lang , who can't sing , all the musicians do a great job . 
the only real problems i had was the special effects . 
arthur's best friend , joey ( tony leung ) , is a small time thief who hustles everything from microwave ovens to machine guns . 
like wang's earlier film , a great wall ( about a san francisco family visiting relatives in china ) , the laserman revolves around cultural differences . 
according to the film , technology has its place , but we must employ it with great forethought and caution . 
in this sense , the movie is a bit of a departure for verhoeven , who's not known for treating his characters well ; but nomi , the part played by elizabeth berkley , definitely opts out of the game in a positive way , and we're left feeling good about her future . 
this is not one of the great movies , but it's far better than we'd been led to expect by all the negative pre-release publicity . 
an nc-17 movie which isn't sexually exciting says a great deal about the phoniness and emptiness of a social stratum where sex has been robbed of any kind of beauty , power , or value . 
the one scene in the movie that * could * have been a good sex scene , berkley and maclachlan in a swimming pool , is not exciting , because by then we already know his character is a callous manipulator . 
and in an awful lot of vegas shows , an awful lot of ladies wear very little clothing . 
showgirls de-glamorizes the las vegas show and sex industries with great effectiveness . 
nomi is played , in a very good performance , by elizabeth berkley , who gives us a solid picture of a woman with limited talents who's at the end of her rope , desperate to live a life better than the one she's known . 
kyle maclachlan , whose single best previous work was as an inhumanly emotionless cop in the hidden , gives us a nicely reptilian bit of pond scum on two legs , camouflaged as a nice guy . 
with every good film the audience gains new knowledge . 
everyone in minnesota speaks in an annoying whining accent that would drive you crazy . 
but lets face it , the movie is really about the dragon , and what an amazing creation he is . 
the first , titled " vincent vega and marcellus wallace's wife " , deals with a very loaded john travolta ( i forgot to mention the cool heroin shoot-up sequence ) taking mia wallace ( a star-making performance by uma thurman ) , his bosses wife , out on a date to a cool 50s restaurant called jack rabbit slim's . 
they also partake in a cool dance contest and end up twisting to the chuck berry classic " you never can tell " . 
i won't reveal the rest of the story , but i'll definitely say that it turns out to be a real bummer of a night , despite the cool trophy they win . 
the last ( and best , in my opinion ) of the episodes features john travolta ( again ) and samuel l . jackson ( in the best performance of any supporting actor ever ) as two slightly off-kilter hitmen trying to rid themselves of a bloody car . 
what i have missed in the past years of viewing this flick is amazing . 
in case you haven't already noticed , i believe " pulp fiction " is a supremely excellent film and one of the best of all time ( up there with such greats as " casablanca " and " the godfather " ) . 
we get to see his fears , vulnerabilities , strengths and intelligence which makes the sixth sense one of the best movies i've seen this year . 
although similar in plotting ( ok , darn near identical ) , " 10 things i hate about you , " a modern-day version of shakespeare's " the taming of the shrew " ( " she's all that " got its inspiration from " pygmalion " ) , is an infinitely superior film in every department , from the smart direction by first-time feature director gil junger to the charming and well-written screenplay by karen mccullah lutz and kirsten smith to the striking ensemble cast , who give the best group of performances in a teen comedy since 1985's " the breakfast club . " 
the day wide-eyed , shy new student cameron james ( joseph gordon-levitt ) starts school at seattle-based padua high , he is swept away at the sight of the beautiful and popular sophomore , bianca stratford ( larisa oleynik ) . 
aside from a good screenplay , it's the performances that can make or break a movie , and director junger has really hit the jackpot . 
allison janney , as the guidance counselor ms . perky , who is writing a trashy harlequin romance novel , is comic dynamite , as is daryl " chill " mitchell as the english teacher , who reads shakespeare to the class in rap and , at one point , sends kat to the office because , for once , she actually thinks one of his assignments is really good . 
 " 10 things i hate about you " once and for all proves that there is still life in the teen comedy genre , and this movie is probably more reminiscent of the great john hughes than any other film of the '90s . 
and like those preceding it , spartacus and ben hur , gladiator has nearly everything going for it - a strong lead actor , a wonderful supporting cast , eye-catching special effects , and a great script . 
rome's best general maximus ( russell crowe ) , who has helped the empire conquer nearly everywhere they have attempted , is currently ( in the year 180 a . d . that is ) waging a war against germania . 
it's a good thing scott stops this after the first twenty minutes or else gladiator would have been torture to watch . 
ridley scott , using outstanding special effects , has brilliantly recreated the roman coliseum , the loudness of the roman mob , and the city of rome in general . 
he banged himself on the head with a bloody great rock ! 
tenebrae is also marred by annoying little inconsistencies . 
mind you , if you love murder mysteries then tenebrae is still worth a look . 
fucking good question , that . 
pacino , sporting a thick cuban accent , gives one the best performances of his career ( golden globe nominated ) as tony montana , a cuban refugee with a criminal past who flees castro and comes to america to live the american dream . 
a man fiercely protective of his beautiful 20 year old sister , not wanting her to be sucked into the glitzy , dangerous world which he inhabits . 
only once does tony express real affection for her and his desire to have children , and even then you sense all he really wants is a regular screw and a beautiful object to show off to his friends , and she's happy to oblige . 
it's just not right , and unfortunately compromises the impact of some otherwise good scenes . 
at over two and a half hours in length it's a true epic , and if you're a fan of the genre you'll love f * * k-filled minute of it . 
this program was to be his legacy , and he repeats over and over that it was a good idea . 
although many people have compared this new gangster comedy to the hit hbo drama 'the sopranos , ' analyze this is witty and entertaining enough to be a good movie in it's own right . 
billy crystal , who hasn't had a good role since city slickers way back in the early '90's , is given a role that lets him fully exploit his wiseguy act . 
harold ramis , best known as egon from ghostbusters , has a deft touch with directing comedy , as shown in the immortal groundhog day , and the less immortal caddyshack . 
analyze this is a good comedy , and is certainly worth watching . 
crystal is his most likeable in years , kudrow is given as little screen time as possible , which is a good thing , and de niro is just awesome . 
what they find though isn't great . 
david e . kelly who is the mastermind of the practice and ally mcbeal , writes this movie with ease and surprisingly does a great job . 
the characters have smartmouths , two foul , and some great one-liners . 
here he really proves his worth as one of the best character actors in the industry . 
because it's not handled like the greatest story ever told is precisely why it's so great . 
underneath the to-die-for cinematography , the brilliant acting , and incessantly wonderful direction is a film of modesty , not sure whether or not this story is totally great but with the balls to run with it , tell it in a certain original way . 
in short , this movie is just awesome . 
it merely tells its story really well , and that's something that just has to be commended these days , when most stories are botched because they're not told by great storytellers . 
the film tells the story of hilary and jacqueline du pr ? ( rachel griffiths and emily watson , respectively ) , two sisters who are first seen in childhood ( played by auriol evans and keely flanders , respectively ) as the very best of friends . 
their relationship is the most down-to-earth complex entity of the year : they love eachother more than anyone else in the entire world , but they're also completely jealous of one another . 
when jackie lands on top and sees her sister marry a wonderful man , she is jealous of her lifestyle to the most extensive brinks that i've ever seen in a film ( only two sisters who truly love eachother would dare share the same man ) . 
and the whole time , their love for eachother is never doubted or even tested . 
the worst case for this very year may be thandie newton in " beloved " : sure , she's good , but what's so tough about playing a woman who stumbles around , slurs her words together , and acts like a three year old inside a 20-year old's body ? 
if you don't believe me , look at jack nicholson's performance in " as good as it gets " : great performance , but easy job . 
griffiths , an otherwise unknown actress ( and watson being famous from " breaking the waves " and " the boxer " ) , is absolutely brilliant , just as absolutely brilliant as watson is , and if the academy and all the other critics groups , who've already deemed watson's performance the best of the year , glance over hers because she's the one who doesn't get to go insane ( read : she gets the boring role ) , then the scream of hysteria you hear will be from me . 
if it hadn't been for an otherwise not-totally-great final section that deals way too much with jackie and not enough with hilary ( when the two had gotten equal treatment for the entirety ) , i'd say this is one of the top ten best films of the year . 
it's so close to perfection , in its structure , its treatment of its subject , and its beautiful technical specifications ( cinematography nomination , without a shred of doubt in my mind , and maybe film editing ) , that it's nearly a shame that it's not the flawless gem that it should be . 
it takes place in los angeles , and van peebles stars as the title character , a tough male hustler of few words who grew up in a brothel , and makes money by doing what he does best : having sex . 
still others point to the clich ? black potency that stereotypes sweetback as being good at nothing but having sex , illustrated in a scene where he gains the respect of a white biker group by bringing their female leader to orgasm . 
he makes good use of older techniques like split screens , freeze frames , reversed color schemes , and overlapping images . 
and " mesa go now , okeday ? " , and although it is often amusing it is also inherently annoying . 
it is the perfect example of dramatic irony to see the jedi masters aspire to get him trained in the jedi arts ; we know that it will do more harm than good , but they do not . 
and if there wasn't anything more to the movie than this , it would be a second-rate heist comedy at best , enlivened by great actors -- like sneakers goes to washington . 
wag the dog succeeds because it's based one great truth : the american people are stupid . 
ok , maybe it's not " love thy neighbor as thyself " or even " two plus two makes four " , but a truth nonetheless . 
it's all : " what do i love ? 
the best part and the most frustrating part of wag the dog is in the supporting cast . 
anne heche , is dead-bang-on in her portrayal of a political press aide -- cool and composed on the outside , panicked and frenzied on the outside . 
besides being one of the best films of the year , being john malkovich may as well be one of the best movies ever . 
then again there are so many good movies , that one cannot pick an all time favorite . 
lotte also finds out about the portal and discovers that being someone else is good after all . 
she however gives a very comic performance and this could easily be her best role to date . 
catherine keener is very funny and sexy as maxine and of course the best thing of the movie is the magic himself john malkovich who is very brilliant and this movie plays big time homage ? to the master himself . 
by the time the ending rolled around my head was spinning from disbelief of how good this film was . 
from cameron diaz's appearence to john malkovich's explorations i laughed very hard , and it may as well be as funny as as good as it gets ( the funniest ! ) . 
'being john malkovich' is in the top 5 movies of the year , and in the top 10 best films ever made . 
in fact it may as well be the best movie out right now . 
reviewers seem to love to pick one movie ( i . e . 
critics loved private ryan so much , that they automatically decided no movie is good enough to reach its standards . 
with the exception of don knotts as the annoying " tv repairman " the film is cast perfectly : the ice storm's tobey maguire is david in real life ; he watches the old 50's sitcom " pleasantville " to escape from his feuding parents . 
but what makes her character believeable is the dialogue-those excessive 90's terms such as " like " , " whatever " , and " cool " make her sound like the total dimwit she's supposed to be . 
but when his own wedding results in a no-show for the bride ( angela featherstone as linda ) , robby begins to re-examine his life , and wonder why true love doesn't exist for people like him . 
sandler is great in his role , and yes , if you allow it , you can take him seriously . 
it's got that great cheezy humor , but it also takes sandler to a higher level than anyone expected . 
robert redford is very good at playing characters who have incredible , god-given gifts , but are able to act like ordinary people . 
in " the natural " ( 1984 ) , he played the fallen angelic character of roy hobbs , the baseball player who was destined to be " the best there ever was , " but still acted like a humble farm boy . 
even in " indecent proposal " ( 1993 ) , where he played a man who was so good at making money that he believed he could buy love , redford was still able to exude an aura of shy decency , especially when reciting a tale of lost love . 
redford also directed the film although he swore up and down that he would never direct himself in a movie - i suppose the character of tom booker , a man who has the amazing gift of understanding and somehow communicating with horses , was just too good to pass up . 
the accident , which is filmed with gut-wrenching horror , happens when grace and her best friend are out riding horses - an eighteen-wheeler kills grace's friend , severely wounds and traumatizes grace's horse , pilgrim , and causes grace to lose part of her right leg . 
the move out west has always been a great american tradition of renewal , and it's hard not to see annie and grace's leaving manhattan for montana as a variation on the classic theme of city vs . country . 
redford is just as in love with the grand montana country in this film as he was when he directed " a river runs through it " six years ago . 
in many ways , " the horse whisperer " comes from the same poetic vein as " river , " and the movie could probably be a good fifteen minutes shorter if redford had decided to spend less camera-time on the grass and mountains . 
he plays the character as a decent , hard-working man who is a good husband and father ; his only failure is that he loves his wife more than she loves him . 
it's a small scene , but it clearly demonstrates the movie's thorough love of the booker character for his romantic roughness . 
after all , booker represents everything good about the city while robert represents everything banal and unnatural about it . 
the best scenes in " the horse whisperer " tend to involve not the building romance between booker and annie , but rather the healing process of grace and her horse . 
star trek : insurrection qualifies as one of those movies star trek fans , such as myself , would rate somewhere between " okay " and " good . " 
after star trek v : the final frontier , a nearly awful movie almost as bad as the repugnant " star trek : voyager " tv series , " star trek " fans could probably swallow anything paramount throws out in the trek film franchise . 
most people reading this probably haven't followed " star trek " anyway , so a comparison would seem tedious at best . 
let me , thus , make my comparisons briefly so that it's out of my system : star trek : insurrection is not as good as the previous installment , star trek : first contact ; star trek : insurrection's comic tone may be best compared to star trek iv : the voyage home ; star trek ii : the wrath of khan is still the best trek movie . 
forget the actors and special effects , the beautiful setting of this movie , with its snowy mountaintops and verdant valleys , steals the show . 
the acting in star trek : insurrection is , for the most part , pretty good . 
brent spiner , another fine actor , plays the android data well enough again and provides the best moments of comic relief in the film ( though the old android-wishing-to-be-human motif will tire some trek fans familiar with the routine from the tv series ) . 
the supporting cast who appear in this movie alone are also pretty good . 
ru'afro is no khan from star trek ii--the best trek villain ever--but he is much better than the forgettable dr . soran from star trek : generations . 
donna murphy must also be noted as a ba'ku woman , anij , who picard falls in love with . 
for as good as the actors and setting were , star trek : insurrection's special effects were surprisingly disappointing . 
despite star trek : insurrection's frequent comic goofiness and occasional substandard special effects , i enjoyed the film . 
stunned , smith pleads , " then , for the love of god , don't be a detective . " 
the best line of the movie is spoken when a key player dispenses advice to one of the detectives unsure of what to do . 
 " l . a . confidential'' triumphantly achieves the rare gift of complexity and coherence while satisfying our desire for a good old-fashioned movie . 
i guess he's pissed at all the box-office bombs that he's been in of late , but he sure played a great unstable elvis impersonating robber here . 
there is also this one really great show-down scene between costner and a cop , that'll have you crackin' up and lovin' it all at the same time . 
i really beg of you , whether you're stuck in the ghetto or crying in the chapel , to slap this cinematic ring around your neck and love it tender . 
and no suspicious minds either , folks , cause i got stung by this movie , i mean it really shook me up , and unless you're the devil in disguise himself , i think you won't be able to help falling in love with this lucky charm either . 
it's a shame , too , because the good count was probably the most frightening out the old b-movie monsters . 
those movies could have been made by a fifth grader with a good makeup kit ; movies like this require the viewer to actually pay attention and ponder what is happening on the screen . 
really a good sign . 
together with the great voice acting , this film is the perfect holiday family film . 
notting hill's trailer is awful : a laughless , schmaltzy montage . 
the movie was desperately marketed to the anti-phantom menace crowd , the same lovelorn females who ignored the love letter . 
allow me to spread some more good buzz for notting hill . 
in the movie's best sequence , william , anna , and company sit around bloated from max's latest concoction and hold a contest : the last brownie on the table goes to the diner with the saddest life . 
 ( worth noting in roberts' and grant's favour : the ubiquitous " i'm just a girl , standing across from a boy , asking him to love her " episode is not nearly so syrupy as it appears in clips , and it features some of the best emoting either actor has ever done . ) 
but for those who were dismayed by this year's blockbusters like twister and independence day , the frighteners has much more to offer than special effects . 
michael j . fox delivers one of his best performances to date as a man who hides the sorrow of his wife's death , and then is forced to confront this later on . 
alvarado , looking like andie macdowell , makes a great frightened , tough , and smart heroine . 
it's easily the best film of the year , so far . 
the unique and horrifying thriller is the best thing to happen to the slasher genre since 1996's " scream . " 
the cast is surprisingly effective and up to par ; the best ensemble in this genre since " scream . " 
for the blood loving moviegoer , " destination " contains buckets of blood , guts , and all that good stuff . 
as it is , i found american history x to be an extremely good film , not just because of tony kaye's focused look at the touchy subject of racism , but because of a powerful , charismatic performance from edward norton . 
norton is one of those performers who becomes his character , and his work in american history x is one of the very best performances this year . 
it's hard to imagine any director not being at least partially pleased with a film this good -- in a time when so many movies are timid and weak , american history x manages to make a compelling argument for racism without advocating it any way . 
rebecca pidgeon , david mamet's wife , who gave a fairly awful performance in the spanish prisoner is at the top of her game here as arthur's oldest daughter , a flailing feminist who gives her all to the winslow case as a way for making up for her lack of success in the women's suffrage movement . 
david mamet can churn out some great scripts , but in this movie he proves to those who ever doubted it once and for all that he is a hell of a director too . 
plot : a big-time momma's boy can't seem to leave his mother's crib and make good on the babies that he himself has produced in the world . 
this movie ain't about the " hood " at all , it's an intelligent film about love , relationships , family , friendship , maturity and growing up . 
ving rhames , now here's a man who has already established an early lead in the race for best supporting actor at the end of this year . 
note : the guy who plays jody's best friend in this movie is omar gooding , cuba gooding jr . 's younger brother ( cuba starred in 1991's boyz 'n the hood ) . 
the best man ( 8/10 ) - brothers ( 5/10 ) - shaft ( 7/10 ) - summer of sam ( 7/10 ) - what's cooking ( 7/10 ) 
a good movie , yes , with chillingly realistic battle scenes and emotion to spare . 
an utterly riviting movie on par with steven spielberg's best work , no . 
one good thing about saving private ryan is that the soldiers who are headed to rescue ryan know it's a mission designed to make the army look good . 
the movie's bookends are particularly cheesy and out of place , when an old private ryan goes to the cemetary with his family and bawls his eyes out , whining , " tell me i've led a good life . 
tell me i'm a good man . " 
couple that with the fact that several of the characters , most notably the lead character sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) , are fairly well-developed and that there are some genuine moments of spine-chilling suspense , and what we have is a pretty darned good horror movie in its own right . 
as for the question of whether or not " scream 2 " is yet another sequel not as good as its predecessor . 
roger ebert gave it a four star review , and while he is a critic that uses the full scale , and i often agree -- such as dark city being the best film of 1998 , he must have seen a better film . 
otherwise , small pool of very special movies would be forever ignored by this reviewer . 
in case of star wars , 1977 science fiction epic by george lucas , the consequences would be even more severe , because that film is very special for tens of millions , if not hundreds of millions of fans . 
in any case , objectivity is something seldom seen in star wars reviews , because undisputed majority of reviewers rate it as one of the best , if not the best film of all times . 
in late 1960s , bigger budgets for science fiction didn't look so strange anymore , thanks to the great success of 2001 : a space odyssey . 
as a result , seriousness in cinematic science fiction began fading away , although some good , dark and cult quality sf and continued to be filmed until early 1980s . 
george lucas' direction is very good , with the clever editing and a well-paced segments between action and dramatic buildup . 
some of the actors are very good - alec guiness in his most famous role to date , james earl jones whose voice is enough to cause unease , peter cushing as an incarnation of pure evil in human form . 
the thing that looked like the most important segment of star wars phenomena during its initial release was the new level of special effects technology . 
however , the special effects by john dykstra and john stears are indeed impressive , even after two decades ( although 1997 special edition did improve them significantly ) , yet they aren't the most remembered trademark of the movie . 
everything seems to be going great for these little things until the ground erupts with swarms of evil , black bat-like triangles that attack and engulf their lighter counterparts . 
absolutely beautiful stuff . 
a one legged toy tin soldier falls in love with a wind-up clock ballerina ( whom he assumes is also one legged because he can't see her other leg extended out behind her ) , much to the dismay of an evil jack-in-the-box jester . 
segment eight brings a whole new meaning to the clich ? " saving the best for last " . 
set to igor stravinsky's " the firebird " , an elk awakens a forest sprite that proceeds to change the wintery landscape into a beautiful springtime landscape . 
some amazing animation is present here , and well worth the ten dollars a ticket alone ( although brush strokes are evident in one scene due to the enlargement of the film ) . 
the best segment comes from , of all people , bette midler , who gets to tell us about some of the abandoned segments that never made it off of the drawing board . 
i must stress that the best way to see this film is on an imax screen though . 
the overdose of humor turns what could have been a powerfully great film into a good , but schizophrenic experience . 
but , that commentary aside , this is a very well made film ( which makes the formulaic additions all the more regrettable ) . 
the animation is on par with some of disney's best . 
instead , they merely deliver a very good time at the movies . 
one of the best things about my job is that , every so often , a film still catches me by surprise . 
carmen ( alexa vega ) and her younger brother juni ( daryl sabara ) live in a beautiful seaside home with their parents , gregorio ( antonio banderas ) and ingrid cortez ( carla gugino ) . 
once agents from different countries assigned to " erase " each other , they instead fell in love , married and retired to raise a family . 
after a brief respite at a safe house filled with enough cool gadgets for a dozen sharper image stores , carmen and juni set off to find their parents and save the world , zooming through the sea in a submarine pod that looks like a goldfish , while a slew of wicked people ( including teri hatcher ) chase them . 
antonio banderas and carla gugino are even better as the parents ; they quickly establish and maintain a great lusty chemistry while keeping their tongues properly in cheek during the action scenes . 
even the usually irritating alan cumming has some nice moments ? a virtual cloud-backed chat between his character and juni is one of the best segments in the film . 
special appearances by christopher lee and christopher walken . 
equally adequate is christina ricci , who plays the love interest in the film . 
she's a good witch too . 
if you're looking for a good scare , however , sleepy hollow is definately recommended . 
someone at 20th century fox - and no doubt cameron himself - must have agreed , because in 1993 came the theatrical release of the abyss : special edition . 
the stunts , hardware , special effects and underwater cinematography are all outstanding . 
the abyss : special edition is an improvement on the original film in two major respects . 
nonetheless , the abyss : special edition now stands this somewhat maligned film among james cameron's greatest achievements , alongside aliens and terminator 2 . see it and be moved , gripped and spellbound . 
goran visnjic , best known from the tv drama " er , " is striking as a blackmailer unlike any you've seen before . 
 " the deep end " is an exceptional film and tilda swinton is the best part of it . 
taken from the viewpoint of special assistant to the president kenneth p . o'donnell ( costner ) , donaldson and crew recreate that volatile event , once again , as the country is plunged into what could have been total nuclear war . 
kennedy used this decision by committee method to good effect as his senior staff uncovers all the options available to the president . 
the filmmakers capture the accusations laid down by stevenson with accuracy , using old style video footage to good effect . 
the special f/x of the u2 sequences are a nice crafting of computer imaging . 
knowing he's longing for a schwinn bike , ted offers to pay him $1 a week to read him the local newspaper and keep his eyes peeled for signs of the malevolent , ominous low men who are chasing him to exploit his special powers . 
tarzan chad'z = good ) 1999 , g , 90 minutes [1 hour , 30 minutes] [animated - adventure/drama] starring the voices of : tony goldwyn ( tarzan ) , minnie driver ( jane porter ) , lance henriksen ( kerchak ) , brian blessed ( clayton ) ; written by tab murphy , bob tzudiker , noni white ; produced by bonnie arnold ; directed by chris buck , kevin lima ; based on the story `tarzan of the apes' and characters created by edgar rice burroughs . 
[theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good sound , picture and seats] 
title : `tarzan' beautiful to look at , easy to follow . 
later , as the story transitions from tarzan as a child to a full-grown man ( voiced by goldwyn ) , he is encounter by a party of three humans from england : jane porter ( driver ) , a beautiful woman who is something of a zoologist and an artist , her father prof . archimedes q . porter ( voiced by nigel hawthorne ) who is also a scientist ; and their slick and cunning , yet barbaric safari bodyguard clayton ( blessed ) . 
stone constructed his film as a mythical good vs . evil tale relayed in the fast-paced milieu of the burgeoning stock exchange . 
this approach tends to bury his purported message beneath a heap of good intentions . 
and not just the timeliness of the " greed is good " subject matter : the film was plumped down in the eighties , a decade in which the one-joke comedy rose to an art form , and a group of glamorous brat packers smirked their way through inane high concept , low result movies . 
maybe stone's after school special set in wall street was viewed as a welcome change of pace . 
nia long , as the firm's secretary , ( a lone black women amongst many white men ) is ribisi's love interest in a part that at first looks to be as insignificant as most of the parts this talented actress gets , but develops into something more interesting . 
at one point he says to her " i'm just lookin' for some chocolate love " . 
which features , in my opinion , the best fight scene ever recorded on film , as ripley straps herself into a huge robot and battles the nasty queen alien to the death . 
many people will tell you that this film , while being a great action film , has no real drama and is all cliches . 
if this film had no " drama " , then why was sigourney weaver nominated for best actress at the 1987 academy awards ? 
that's right , best actress . 
you know that any action film that has an oscar nomination attached to it for something other than technical stuff like editing and f/x has got to be good . 
in short , aliens combines all the right elements ( great action and f/x , drama , a good plot , good dialogue , and great villains ) into what could arguably be called the best action film of all time . 
movies rise and fall from glory and , sad to say , aliens was wrestled from it's throne of best action movie by another cameron film , t2 : judgement day , in 1991 . 
tobey maguire is well cast yet again as an inherently good man who is seeking answers to life's questions . . . 
calling them " princes of maine , kings of new england " in his ritualistic goodnight , mr . caine manages to communicate the love and commitment larch has towards these children without becoming maudlin or saccharine . 
thankfully , legend rose above it's soggy premise to become not only a hip , scary and stylish entertainment , but also what will probably become one of the best films of the year . 
it is simply amazing how " the green mile " developed in its three hour running time . 
through edgecomb's experiences on a cell block known as the green mile where death row prisoners wait and repent , the audience sees good and evil on both sides of the law . 
it would come as no surprise if hutchinson was nominated for an academy award as best supporting actor , not only because he did a wonderful job as wetmore , but also because he stole every scene he was in away from veteran oscar winner tom hanks . 
his desire for love and the extinction of hate evokes the most compassion because it is very obvious that he is suffering for no just cause . 
the three hour running is perfect for plot development and by the end of the film , a great amount of love or hate is attached to each character . 
 " the green mile " is so good following the rough beginning , that when the pivotal moment at the very end finally comes , it is almost impossible not to feel some sort of sadness for every person in this scene . 
it's a fluffy comedy , thoroughly glazed with a sense of innocuous innocence and good cheer , regarding two moral topics -- love and religion -- and how a romantic triangle causes the two to collide head-on . 
while their friendship progressed , anna always had the compassion to shower them both with the same love and support , so neither would feel excluded . 
`keeping the faith' is a highly enjoyable romantic comedy , although one that is more observant while surveying the questions of love rather than religion . 
eight taels of gold begins as a fish out of water story and at some point becomes a love story involving two people whose past choices prevent the fruition of their love . 
neither aspect of the movie is entirely successful , but both are good enough . 
everything that is right and true about eight taels comes together in one great scene , which is the culmination of the love story . 
that said , " blood simple " is a very good horror movie ; the fear and suspense here are genuine . 
his mission begins when a droid named r2-d2 plays back a secret message recorded by the beautiful princess leia ( carrie fisher ) , which tells him to contact the mysterious obi-wan kanoby ( alec guiness ) . 
much of the film deals with elizabeth's love for lord robert , a mysterious man who thrusts his lordship onto many a woman as he continues to proclaim his love for the queen . 
the problem with the film lies with this as its centerpiece , as love interests are such a character driven element . 
indeed , elizabeth is one of the most visually beautiful films of the decade , ranking with kundun and braveheart . 
ian holm , in arguably the best performance of his distinguished career , plays mitchell stephens , an intense man of quiet misery . 
one of the best parents in the town appears to be billy ansell ( bruce greenwood ) , who rides his pickup behind the school bus everyday just so he can wave good-bye to his kids . 
as the injured bus driver , gabrielle rose , dolores driscoll plays the role of a dedicated individual who loves kids with a passion and for whom the tragedy takes on special meaning . 
the cinematography by paul sarossy is sweeping in its outdoor grandeur , but it is in the warm , shadowy , intimate moments indoors where it works best . 
son-in-law is a great romantic comedy that should please the viewers , especially fans of the wiez . 
this film could also make great video fare for those that are leery of spending seven dollars on it . 
this film is just basically a light comedy that is great to see if you are in the right mood that doesn't contain much violence or any nudity that is definitely worth full ticket price . 
he is great , and knows how to entertain the audience . 
this film would definitely not have been as good with anyone else in this role . 
carla gugino does a very good job as the farm girl gone city girl . 
the person who played the grandfather ( mason adams , i believe ) also does a great job . 
patrick renna , who played gugino's little brother , was a little annoying , but no where as near as macaulay culkin , and for only part of the time , so i can forgive him . 
tiffani-amber thiessen ( a killer among friends , " saved by the bell " ) does a reasonably good job for the time that she is on screen . 
she wasn't given overly much to do in the film , but what she had , she does a good job with . 
jim dale provides one of his best carry on performances as the stupid sanitary engineer , and angela douglas is very effective in her role as the revengeful daughter . 
not the best of its kind but it is certainly the most distinctive film of the series . 
another great thing about the film was the performance of harold perrineau as romeo's best friend . 
the best thing for the war effort was working prisoners nearly to death on the thailand to burma railroad . 
the best thing for the effort was not to waste much food on the prisoners so short and amazingly wretched food was the order of the day . 
he rides a beautiful black steed and carries an imposing sword that cauterizes the wound of his victims with an immediate swipe . 
crane is not a man of great superstition , and is determined to root out the human culprit with his assortment of gizmos and gadgets ( things i was not surprised to find in a tim burton movie ) . 
if you've got a decent head on your shoulders , you'll have the good sense to gallop off to the theater and enjoy it one last time . 
chris tucker , familiar from his whiny , annoying role in the fifth element is more palatable , complementing jackie chan's straight-laced character . 
that's no easy task considering the wit that deserves to be mentioned here , but i will do my best to be vague ( now , there's a first ) . ) 
the comment certainly carries clout : for every truly great sequel , there appears to be a couple of duds , making one wonder if writers are better off sticking solely with fresh ideas . 
but like it or not , along comes " scream 2 . " and believe it or not , it's a doozy -- a slick , sinister , madly subversive good time at the movies , as intent on sending up hollywood's sequel syndrome as much as its prequel poked fun at slasher conventions . 
thus , the possible victim/potential killer list includes said quartet , as well as : derek ( jerry o'connell ) , sidney's new beau ; cici ( sara michelle gellar ) , a chatty sorority gal ; joel ( duane martin ) , gale's cameraman who's not too thrilled with her blood-soaked past ; hallie ( elise neal ) , sidney's sassy roommate ; debbie ( laurie metcalf ) , a local reporter who gives gale some not-too-friendly competition ; and mickey ( timothy olyphant ) , randy's good friend and fellow film student . 
and the denouement ( while not as shocking as " scream " 's ) is priceless ; the film's final revelation incorporates bits of a particular horror film prominently referred to in " scream " with one of the best bad guy motives ever put on paper . 
still , we can see that kevin's character grows , thanks to some good direction and editing . 
on the whole , home alone is a great holiday movie . 
i love you also seems to be getting raving reviews i wasn't sure if i'd want to see . . . 
sure some of the actors may not be great singers , but they seems to be having a great time , and so does the audience . 
the most amazing thing about paul cox's innocence is how unlike a movie it is . 
the sex scenes would be handled as a farce , producers would shed 20 years off the characters' ages ( so susan sarandon and harrison ford could star ) and true love would shine through any obstacle without explanation and consequence . 
the romance gets started when former musician andreas ( charles " bud " tingwell ) , learns that his true love , claire ( julia blake ) , lives nearby . 
it's a reminder of andreas and claire's past love ( as young lovers , they met by train ) , but as it recurs , we get the feeling that the past and the present have clashed . 
in andreas' dream sequence , amidst the roar of the train and conversations , we get the whole picture of andreas and claire's love . 
norris is so effective as john that he makes andreas and claire's love difficult to accept . 
and what's amazing about " election " is that every word of that criticism is drawn from a rather opaque metaphor . 
and it's amazing the compassion that we have ; it seems so real to us , and not merely because it's happened before , splashed all over the front pages , but , because of the all around " nice " persona of these people , we easily dismiss the truly wayward deeds of the characters . 
he leaves the courthouse with his lovely wife mary ann ( charlize theron ) where he is approached with an offer to travel to new york city to help choose a good jury . 
is this surprise conclusion supposed to make us feel good and go home without feeling depressed or disturbed ? 
heather matarazzo makes a brief appearance as the terrorized victim in the opening court case , and she does a great job . 
jeffrey jones ( mostly known as the principal in ferris bueller's day off ) also gives a good performance as eddie barzoon . 
one familiar face with a twist was " coach " star , craig t . nelson , who gives a very good performance . 
for the first two hours , i sat completely engaged in the good performances and strong characters . 
the technical quality is also remarkable , with great special effects and a good musical score . 
director taylor hackford has managed to create a very disturbing motion picture , only to ruin a good chunk of tension with the final fifteen minutes . 
the two friends often doll themselves up and head out to the nameless nightspot , looking good and looking for excitement ( and that ms . beckinsale sure looks good on a dancefloor ! ) . 
while the eschewing of " ferocious pairing " is a favored topic of conversation in the film , the protagonists tend to slip in and out of love , lust , and trouble with each other in an emotional merry-go-round that cleverly develops its characters through the " preferred " dynamics of social group interaction . 
they have great fun trying to out scoop each other to solve one case throughout this movie . 
she's 44 years old , stuck at a dead-end job ( " $16 , 000 a year , plus retirement benefits that aren't worth a damn " ) as a flight attendant for the worst airline in north america -- and she's just been caught at the airport by atf agent ray nicolette ( portrayed with terrific childlike enthusiasm by michael keaton ) and police officer mark dargus ( michael bowen ) smuggling $50 000 from mexico for gun-runner ordell robbie ( samuel l . jackson ) , who has her bailed out by unassuming bail bondsman max cherry ( robert forster ) . 
the loquacious ordell , based out of a hermosa beach house where his horny , bong-hitting surfer girl melanie ( bridget fonda ) and agreeable crony louis gara ( robert de niro ) hang out , operates under the policy that the best rat is a dead rat , and he's soon out to silence jackie brown . 
these staples of his work are all present in jackie brown , but what's new here is a different facet of his storytelling -- a willingness to imbue the film with a poignant emotional undercurrent , and a patience to draw out several scenes with great deliberation . 
this new aspect of mr . tarantino's storytelling is probably best embodied in a single character -- that of the world-weary , sensitive , and exceedingly-professional max cherry , whose unspoken attraction to jackie is touching . 
mr . forster's nuanced , understated performance is the best in the film ; he creates an amiable character of such poignancy that when he gazes at jackie , we smile along with him . 
there are no jazzy special effects or cheesy action sequences - this one relies solely upon rob reiner's stylish directing and the wonderful performances of bates and caan . 
oh , i haven't really mentioned caan yet - he does a good job as the writer who's a prisoner of his own success ( annie is obsessed with him and his books ) . 
sheldon isn't in terribly good shape either . 
